<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Pokemon </title>
    </head>
    <body> 
<script>        For a version with romanized Pokémon and character names, see BlackuToHowhite.txt.</script>

<script>This script was written during a playthrough of Black. See the bottom of the script for a guide on how lines change in White - note there are some spoilers involved.</script>



<script>Should the game use only Hiragana and Katakana lettering? Or should it use Kanji? [ Kana / Kanji ]</script>



<script>&lt;&lt; Juniper's intro &gt;&gt;</script>

<script><line>Hi there!</line></script>
<script><line>Welcome to the world of Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>You can call me Juniper.</line></script>
<script><line>But you'll hear people calling me the Pokémon Professor.</line></script>
<script><line>(She brings out Minccino.)</line></script>
<script><line>Right! This world is full of Pocket Monsters...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, usually called "Pokémon" for short! And they're fantastic creatures!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon possess miraculous power, come in all shapes and sizes, live in all kinds of locales...</line></script>
<script><line>And we humans live together with them in peace!</line></script>
<script><line>We're always there for each other, the both of us.</line></script>
<script><line>But joining forces to help each other can often be a difficult task.</line></script>
<script><line>And while it's their most popular role of all, making fellow Pokémon fight only binds them further.</line></script>
<script><line>And that's why I study Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>(Minccino disappears.)</line></script>
<script><line>Now, that's quite enough about me...</line></script>
<script><line>Won't you tell me some about yourself?</line></script>
<script><line>(Gender selection comes up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Are you a boy? Or are you a girl?</line></script>
<script><line>(Select.)</line></script>
<script><line>You're a girl, then? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I want to know your name, too!</line></script>
<script><line>So... tell me your name!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Name entry ]</line></script>
<script><line>White, is it? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Your name's White! That's just wonderful!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, allow me to introduce the friends who'll be with you on the way.</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren appears.)</line></script>
<script><line>This boy here is Cheren.</line></script>
<script><line>He's a bit moody at times, but he's very frank about things.</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca appears.)</line></script>
<script><line>And this girl is Bianca.</line></script>
<script><line>She tends to take things at her own pace, but she's a persistent one for sure.</line></script>
<script><line>And now, I've given the three of you a present containing your precious, long-awaited Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>White!!</line></script>
<script><line>From the moment you choose your Pokémon partner for the journey ahead...</line></script>
<script><line>That is when the tale of your own adventure begins!</line></script>
<script><line>On this journey, you will meet countless Pokémon, and many people who think in different ways!</line></script>
<script><line>Through all these meetings, I deeply hope you find something that you alone can treasure...</line></script>
<script><line>Right! As you come into contact with people and Pokémon, you will mature as a person.</line></script>
<script><line>And that is the greatest goal of your adventure!</line></script>
<script><line>So, let us be off! Into the world of Pokémon!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; White's room &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White!</line></script>
<script><line>I heard from Professor Juniper... So did you get the Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>And Bianca's her usual...?</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca comes running upstairs.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Uhhh, I'm so sorry! I know, I'm late again...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Hey, Bianca!</line></script>
<script><line>I've known you were a slowpoke for ten years now, but sheesh...</line></script>
<script><line>Today's the day you get your Pokémon from Professor Juniper, remember?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Okay, I said I'm sorry! Sorry, White, Cheren...</line></script>
<script><line>So, where are the Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>Since they were sent to White's house, I'd say White gets to choose first.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Well, of course.</line></script>
<script><line>Our Pokémon await us inside that box...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, White? Take the first step and check it out! Hurry, we want to meet our Pokémon!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, what kind of Pokémon do you think they are...?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Won't you open the box, already?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure the Pokémon are dying to meet us, too!</line></script>

<script><line>[White opened up the present box!]</line></script>

<script><line>(Letter from Juniper:)</line></script>
<script><line>...I've delivered three Pokémon along with this letter. You and your friends should get together and choose among yourselves. Well, my regards! - Juniper</line></script>
<script><line>(The box opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Choose a Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Grass Pokémon "Snivy"</line></script>
<script><line>Fire Pokémon "Tepig"</line></script>
<script><line>Water Pokémon "Oshawott"</line></script>

<script><line>Is this Pokémon alright? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>White obtained Oshawott!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Well! I choose this Pokémon! And Cheren gets that one!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: And why are YOU choosing my Pokémon...?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, not like I didn't want Snivy from the start anyway.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Everyone's chosen their own Pokémon! ...Which means...</line></script>
<script><line>Heyyy! Let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Uh, Bianca? Our Pokémon are still weak.</line></script>
<script><line>And there's no sense in a Pokémon battle indoors!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Gosh, it's fiiiiine! Like you said, our guys are still weak, right?</line></script>
<script><line>And we gotta raise 'em somehow, so why not fight!</line></script>
<script><line>Thus and thus... White! Let's start out with a Pokémon battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Yaaah!! That HUUURT!! I'm not letting you do THAT again!!</line></script>
<script><line>(At low health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ooh, I'm making a mess of things... I can't do this all that well!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Regardless of the Pokémon, I DID do my best, okay?!</line></script>

<script><line>(White's room is wrecked.)</line></script>
<script><line>[ If you won ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Phewww...</line></script>
<script><line>White... You sure are gonna be an awesome Trainer, aren't you?</line></script>
<script><line>That's how I feel, anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>[ If you lost ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Phewww...</line></script>
<script><line>I was kinda in a daze there, and wasn't sure what moves I was picking, but I guess I won...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca... Look around, would you?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: WAAAH! W-What's all this about?!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon are MIND-BLOWING!! And to think they're so dinky...!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure glad I could have a Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>...Oh... sorry, White.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...There's really nothing to be done with you, is there...</line></script>
<script><line>Here! I'll recover your wounded Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>[Cheren recovered Bianca's Pokémon!]</line></script>
<script><line>And of course, White's Pokémon needs to recover, too.</line></script>
<script><line>[Cheren recovered White's Pokémon!]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy! How about you fight a Pokémon battle, Cheren?</line></script>
<script><line>Now that you know how it goes, you can fight like a pro and not make any of the screwups I did!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: W-Well, of course...!</line></script>
<script><line>On top of my knowledge, I won't have to worry so much about messing up the room.</line></script>
<script><line>And most importantly... only the two of you getting to enjoy a battle wouldn't be fair at all.</line></script>
<script><line>So... I challenge you!</line></script>
<script><line>This will be our first Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>Snivy... I'll show them your power!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>I've finally become a Trainer... It all starts here!</line></script>
<script><line>(At low health:)</line></script>
<script><line>I'm not finished yet! This is the moment I've been studying for!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...! So THIS is a Pokémon battle!</line></script>

<script><line>[ If you won ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I may have come away from my first Pokémon battle with failure, but...</line></script>
<script><line>This intense excitement... I've finally become a Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>[ If you lost ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: This intense excitement... I've finally become a Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>...And yet, I suppose we'll have to apologize for the state of your room to your mom.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh! Yeah, me too!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: I'm truly sorry that we caused such a ruckus.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: U-Um, we'll clean it up...</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: Clean it up?</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, it's fine, it's fine! I'll take care of it later.</line></script>
<script><line>Better that you go meet Professor Juniper, am I right?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Yes, ma'am! Well, if you'll excuse me.</line></script>
<script><line>I must be off to give my thanks to Professor Juniper.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be waiting in front of the Pokémon lab.</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh! I've got to go home for a sec.</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks, ma'am! Sorry for being a nuisance!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: White...</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon battles are exceptionally lively, aren't they!</line></script>
<script><line>I heard Pokémon cries and the like from all the way from down here!</line></script>
<script><line>Your very first Pokémon battle! Ah, how I remember my own...</line></script>
<script><line>Right! I'll have to rest the Pokémon you battled with!</line></script>
<script><line>(Da-da-dadaDA.)</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon is feeling great!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, and if you're going out, don't forget your Xtransceiver.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Xtransceiver!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Xtransceiver in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>You're going to thank the Professor too, aren't you?! Well, be off, then!</line></script>



<script><line> &lt;&lt; Over at Bianca's house &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca's Dad: No, no, and NO!!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: But I...</line></script>
<script><line>I got a Pokémon, and I'll be a great Trainer, watch! I can totally go on an adventure!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks out and notices White.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Ah! White!</line></script>
<script><line>...It's alright.</line></script>
<script><line>...Like, really!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'll be waiting in front of the Pokémon lab.</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca's Dad: How can this be?!</line></script>
<script><line>How could our daughter go on an adventure with Pokémon... when she's so hopelessly naïve?!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca's Mom: He worries so much about our daughter.</line></script>
<script><line>A child going on a Pokémon journey simply means they're becoming an adult.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Bianca and Cheren waiting outside the lab &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: ...Keep what you saw earlier a secret!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Well! Time to meet the Professor.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the lab &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Hi there!</line></script>
<script><line>I've been waiting for you, boys and girls!</line></script>
<script><line>Allow me to introduce myself.</line></script>
<script><line>My name's...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Professor Juniper? We already know your name.</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Well! Aren't YOU so suave, Cheren?</line></script>
<script><line>Today's a day worth commemorating! So make sure you stand up straight, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, back to my introduction...</line></script>
<script><line>My name's Juniper!</line></script>
<script><line>I investigate when exactly the creatures we know as Pokémon were born.</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, magnificent! You've already had some Pokémon battles, I see.</line></script>
<script><line>Could it mean that your Pokémon have already begun putting their trust in you...? Yes, I feel it must!</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, will you give a nickname to your Pokémon? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: I see, I see... So the nickname ___ is okay? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: ___, huh? Talk about a great name!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: I see, I see... No nickname for you. Well, some are like that.</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Now then, the reason I gave you all Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: For the Pokédex, right?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Pokédex...?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Oh, marvelous! Spot on, Cheren!</line></script>
<script><line>You're always studying up on Pokémon, eh?</line></script>
<script><line>That said... Well, let me explain it formally for you all!</line></script>
<script><line>A Pokédex is...!</line></script>
<script><line>A high-tech device that will automatically record the Pokémon you meet!</line></script>
<script><line>So, seeing as White and you two are going to a great many places, I want you to see all the Pokémon throughout the Unova region!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, listen to me...</line></script>
<script><line>White! Cheren! Bianca!</line></script>
<script><line>Go, and embark on a journey to complete the Pokédex! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Why, I never!</line></script>
<script><line>What I WANTED to hear was that you'll scour the world!</line></script>
<script><line>Have some courage! They're just words!!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: YESSSSS!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, yes, ma'am!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Thank you very much!</line></script>
<script><line>It's all thanks to you that I could become a Pokémon Trainer like I always dreamed.</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Thanks, everyone! That's the best reply I could expect!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Pokédex!]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Now, the next step.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll tell you how you can find Pokémon, so come onto Route 1!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, well, if the Professor asked us... I guess it really is okay to go adventuring?</line></script>
<script><line>And... it'll be okay to search for something to do with our lives along the way, right?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Yeah.</line></script>
<script><line>As we go along completing our Pokédex, we can wander however we see fit.</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: I'm getting kinda nervous...</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, White, what are you gonna do with your Oshawott?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...I've finally become a Pokémon Trainer.</line></script>
<script><line>And I'll fight other Trainers to get stronger, I will!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Stepping outside the lab &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy! Wait up, White!</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: There you are! So how did things go with the Professor?</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>She asked you to complete the Pokédex?! Oh, WOW!!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, um...</line></script>
<script><line>Actually, being your mother, I already knew about that...</line></script>
<script><line>Which is why I brought the three of you these Town Maps.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Town Map!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Town Map in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: Here, Cheren.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I'll take good care of it.</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: Okay, and Bianca too.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Th-Thank you sooooo much!</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: I've got to go clean up White's room now, so again, don't you worry about that.</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, White?</line></script>
<script><line>At any rate, Pokémon really are amazing!</line></script>
<script><line>Even the cute ones can be hiding unbelievable power and room-wrecking potential!</line></script>
<script><line>So long as you're going to be with Pokémon, you can be at ease wherever you go!</line></script>
<script><line>That's a message from me, but it's really from all your moms and dads!</line></script>
<script><line>And it's not just about Pokémon. Unova is a beautiful place all on its own.</line></script>
<script><line>So full of things to find... I know you'll grow into stupendous adults! Now, get going!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Mom leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Using the Town Map, we can see where we are... I'm glad to have this.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, off to Route 1? The Professor's waiting!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Ah, hold on! White, make sure you come quick!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Waiting in front of Route 1 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: White! Over here!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Bianca thought that if we're going to start a journey, we ought to all start it with the same first step.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hey, White!</line></script>
<script><line>We're all gonna step onto Route 1 together!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Okay, here goes!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: HEAVE!!</line></script>
<script><line>(They all step forward. "Route 1" appears.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: AAAH! W-Whoa, I'm getting waaaaay too overexcited!!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Yeah, sure. Okay, the Professor's waiting.</line></script>
<script><line>(They walk up to her standing in front of tall grass.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Sorry to keep you waiting, Professor Juniper.</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: All present? Then I'll begin my explanation!</line></script>
<script><line>Meeting Pokémon will automatically fill up the pages of the Pokédex!</line></script>
<script><line>And! Catching a Pokémon will add further information about it!</line></script>
<script><line>That said, I'll show you the catching of a Pokémon in action!</line></script>

<script><line>(Juniper encounters a Patrat, weakens it with Minccino, and catches it.)</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: So, did you see that?</line></script>
<script><line>I'll go over the main points. First, weaken the Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>It's tricky trying to catch a healthy Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>If possible, you can also use your Pokémon's moves to paralyze the Pokémon you want to catch, or put it to sleep!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, a Poké Ball present for you all!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Poké Balls!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Poké Balls into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Those Poké Balls are used to catch Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And once caught, they're also used to carry them around!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, I'll be waiting up ahead in Accumula Town!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: By the way, Pokémon appear in grassy areas.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm heading to Accumula Town too.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Right! And if we don't go there, we won't be able to buy more Poké Balls!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Wait a second!</line></script>
<script><line>Heyyy! White, Cheren?</line></script>
<script><line>I just had a great idea! We...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Well, should we go? The Professor's waiting, remember.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Would you LISTEN when I'm talking?!</line></script>
<script><line>How about we have a Pokémon catching competition?</line></script>
<script><line>And the Pokémon we got from Professor Juniper count!</line></script>
<script><line>The one with the most Pokémon wins!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I see... That could be fun, for sure.</line></script>
<script><line>And it'd fill the pages of the Pokédex too, so the Professor would be delighted.</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, by the way, until we reach Accumula Town, feel free to go back home to recover your Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Me and Tepig are an unbeatable team! We're gonna come in first, I'm already sure of it!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White, would you compare with Bianca?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca and I are both tied at two Pokémon right now.</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Well, White?</line></script>
<script><line>Should we compare who has more Pokémon? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hmm... Well, I'll be waiting here.</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: THREE?!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh man! Oh, MAAAN!! Seeing that many Pokémon at once gives me butterfrees in my stomach!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: By the way, if you check the Pokédex, it'll tell you how many Pokémon you've seen and caught so far.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, to Accumula Town! The Professor's waiting!</line></script>
<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hi there! Everybody doing good?</line></script>
<script><line>Looks like you're starting to get along with more Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, Professor!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: I'm at the Accumula Town Pokémon Center!</line></script>
<script><line>I've got some guidance to give you all, so hurry over here!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Understood! The Pokémon Center it is!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Okey-doke! See ya later!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Meaning we just need to go a little further ahead.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Juniper waiting outside the Pokémon Center &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hiiiii, White!!</line></script>
<script><line>To walk down all roads with a Pokémon! That's the joy of a Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>Meaning! I need to tell you about the most important place for a Trainer, so come on in!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper goes inside.)</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: This is a Pokémon Center! Almost soothing, isn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>Now for my guided tour!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper walks up to the nurse and Bianca joins.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, I'm here too!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: The Pokémon Center is a wonderful place!</line></script>
<script><line>Why's that? Because you can recover your Pokémon! And it's all free!</line></script>
<script><line>These nurses are a Trainer's best friend!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, White, try recovering your Pokémon!</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: You shouldn't be talking to me, talk to the helpful lady there!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: I think you can trust them with your Pokémon, White.</line></script>

<script><line>Good day! Welcome to the Pokémon Center.</line></script>
<script><line>Here, we'll heal your Pokémon to perfect health!</line></script>
<script><line>Shall we heal your Pokémon? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, we'll take your Pokémon for a few seconds.</line></script>
<script><line>(Da-da-dadaDA.)</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you for waiting!</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon are all fit and healthy!</line></script>
<script><line>We hope to see you again!</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Okey-doke! Your Pokémon are feeling great!</line></script>
<script><line>So next I'll explain the Pokémon Center's PCs!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks over to it.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: This is a PC! All Trainers are bound to use one sometime.</line></script>
<script><line>You can leave Pokémon that are in your party here.</line></script>
<script><line>On the flipside, you can also withdraw Pokémon you've left on the PC.</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, whenever you should have six Pokémon in your party...</line></script>
<script><line>If you catch a new one, the Pokémon will automatically be sent to the PC!</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't technology grand?! Aren't you just floored?!</line></script>
<script><line>Also, if you look at the Professor's PC, I'll do a Pokédex evaluation for you!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Professor...</line></script>
<script><line>The screen says "Someone's PC"... Whose PC is that...?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: My, Bianca! Good eye! That's a very good question.</line></script>
<script><line>And one I'd like to answer, but for now, you can use it without worrying about that!</line></script>
<script><line>That "someone" has set up a Pokémon storage system on their PC.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure you'll meet them someday!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, next on the list!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks over to the shopkeepers.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Here's the Friendly Shop!</line></script>
<script><line>They'll sell you helpful items.</line></script>
<script><line>You can also sell them items you don't need!</line></script>
<script><line>Just talk to that young man there! Give him a big smile!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: SO, then!</line></script>
<script><line>That means I've taught you the most basic of Trainer basics!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be heading back to Nuvema Town.</line></script>
<script><line>But one last thing!</line></script>
<script><line>If you go to Striaton City, meet up with the inventor Fennel.</line></script>
<script><line>She's an old friend of mine, and she'll be a help on your adventure.</line></script>
<script><line>And with that, I wish you luck!</line></script>
<script><line>May your journey be an abundant one!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Hmm, what should I buy?</line></script>
<script><line>I know Potions and Poké Balls are going to be important...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Stepping outside the Pokémon Center &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Something looks to be going on in the plaza!</line></script>
<script><line>Hm, should we check it out?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White! Come see this!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: I am Ghetsis...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis of Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>What I have to tell you all today concerns the liberation of Pokémon. ("Huh?" "What?")</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: We humans have lived together with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>We require things from each other, and consider some partners...</line></script>
<script><line>All would seem to think this is the case, in fact.</line></script>
<script><line>Yet, is it really true?</line></script>
<script><line>We humans all entertain only that same thought...</line></script>
<script><line>Has there never been the consideration that it might not be?</line></script>
<script><line>Trainers order Pokémon to do whatever they please...</line></script>
<script><line>They work them hard under the guise of being partners...</line></script>
<script><line>What if that were to be prevented by someone to clearly divide them? ("Gasp!" "That's..." "Wha?")</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Don't you agree, everyone?</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon are creatures whose sheer potential is limited by humans.</line></script>
<script><line>We are beings who feel they must study a great many things.</line></script>
<script><line>But what should we humans do to be ambassador to the oppressed Pokémon? ("Whaaat?" "Liberate...?")</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Correct! We must liberate the Pokémon!!</line></script>
<script><line>And once we do, humans and Pokémon will for the first time stand as equals.</line></script>
<script><line>Everyone, please do consider what must be done to properly get along with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And thus, I, Ghetsis, conclude my speech.</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you for your attention.</line></script>

<script><line>Old Man: That speech... Hm, what should we do?</line></script>
<script><line>Young Man: Liberate Pokémon? Now THAT'S a crazy idea!</line></script>

<script><line>???: Your Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>They speak to me...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Boy, you talk fast, don't you?</line></script>
<script><line>Also, they... speak to you? What an odd thing to say.</line></script>
<script><line>???: Yes, they do.</line></script>
<script><line>So... perhaps you cannot hear them...? Pitiable...</line></script>
<script><line>My name is N.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Well, I'm Cheren, and this is White.</line></script>
<script><line>We were asked to complete the Pokédex, so we're on a journey to do that.</line></script>
<script><line>Though my primary goal is to be the Champion...</line></script>
<script><line>N: The Pokédex, hm...?</line></script>
<script><line>That would require a great many Pokémon to be imprisoned in Poké Balls...</line></script>
<script><line>I, too, am a Trainer, but I am always doubting.</line></script>
<script><line>Am I making my Pokémon happy, I ask...?</line></script>
<script><line>White, was it?</line></script>
<script><line>Let me hear more of your Pokémon's voices!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer N challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>More! Let me hear more from your Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>There are Pokémon who would say such things...?!</line></script>

<script><line>N: Restrained to imprisonment in Poké Balls...</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon cannot be perfect creatures.</line></script>
<script><line>For the sake of my friends, the Pokémon, the world must be changed.</line></script>
<script><line>(N leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...What a weirdo.</line></script>
<script><line>But don't worry, it's all right.</line></script>
<script><line>Trainers and Pokémon always help each other out!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'll go on ahead.</line></script>
<script><line>Off to the next town... I want to fight with Striaton City's gym leader.</line></script>
<script><line>You should battle through the gym leaders, too.</line></script>
<script><line>The best way for Trainers to get stronger is to challenge the gym leaders across the land.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt; Right after going onto Route 2 &gt;</line></script>

<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>Mom: White!</line></script>
<script><line>It's mom. How are you doing over there?</line></script>
<script><line>Are you starting to realize how fun it is to get along with Pokémon yet?</line></script>
<script><line>I just wanted to try out the Xtransceiver, but... you can turn it off now, okay?</line></script>

<script><line>(Mom then SNEAKS UP ON YOU FROM BEHIND.)</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: White!</line></script>
<script><line>I finally caught up... You're already this far, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Professor Juniper told me you were probably heading for Striaton City around now, so...</line></script>
<script><line>Here's another present from mom!</line></script>
<script><line>White! Put these on!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Running Shoes!]</line></script>
<script><line>Wear those Running Shoes, and you can get anywhere in a flash!</line></script>
<script><line>Here, I'll read these instructions, and you listen.</line></script>
<script><line>"Press the B button to use the Running Shoes and run faster than ever before!"</line></script>
<script><line>"Put on a pair of Running Shoes and run your heart out!"</line></script>
<script><line>...they say.</line></script>
<script><line>I found them, bought and never used, while I was cleaning up your room. ...I think I should do that more often.</line></script>
<script><line>You know you're not alone, right, White?</line></script>
<script><line>You've always got friends in your Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And your mother's always, always thinking about you!</line></script>
<script><line>So enjoy the journey! That's what matters!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the exit from Route 2 to Striaton City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: White! Hey, White!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca comes from behind.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy there! Let's Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>I caught some new Pokémon and got them a little stronger!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's begin!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>G... Giving it my all! Me AND my Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Alrighty then! This one's up next!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Whoaaa... I couldn't win...</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Phew...</line></script>
<script><line>You sure are strong, White, and that's the truth!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be sure to train my Pokémon so they won't lose, either! Okay, bye-bye!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; The gym leader is supposedly at the Pokémon School, Cheren's there &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Pokémon that are poisoned will steadily lose health as they fight.</line></script>
<script><line>Yet it only occurs while they're fighting...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, hi, White.</line></script>
<script><line>Did you come looking for the gym leader? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>He was here talking about Pokémon types a while ago...</line></script>
<script><line>I guess you just missed him?</line></script>
<script><line>Anyway, White, would you battle with me? I want to test how important items are.</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Hm, how useful will items be...?</line></script>
<script><line>Or perhaps I should test how long I can fight without items?</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, we're battling inside, so let's not be too rough.</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Attacks that'll always hit, attacks that can hit first... There's all kinds!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Considering what your Pokémon should hold is crucial...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...So I see! Losing to you must mean I still lack experience.</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Yes, I see now that item usage is key.</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, White, I'll give you this berry.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained an Oran Berry!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Oran Berry in the Berries pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: If you give Pokémon a berry to hold...</line></script>
<script><line>They'll eat it themselves whenever they're running low on health in battle.</line></script>
<script><line>Although they can't use items people would use, like Potions...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, do your best!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>...Huh? I'm the gym leader of this town, but... Who are you...?</line></script>
<script><line>So you want to challenge the gym, then?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, then... What was the first Pokémon you chose?</line></script>
<script><line>Oshawott...? Okay, so it's weak against grass types.</line></script>
<script><line>I suggest you come up with some kind of counter-measure for that.</line></script>
<script><line>Like, say, going to the Dreamyard to train your Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, if you'll excuse me.</line></script>
<script><line>(He goes inside.)</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Hey there! I'm a guide for Trainers tackling the Pokémon gyms. Call me Guido.</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you very much for taking on the gyms. Take this in commemoration!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>The basics of Pokémon battling center around type weaknesses.</line></script>
<script><line>Use Pokémon and attacks that are an advantageous type to the opposing Pokémon, and victory will be before you.</line></script>
<script><line>That said, this gym has Pokémon types displayed on curtains.</line></script>
<script><line>Step on the switch for the Pokémon type that'll be effective against it, and head onward!!</line></script>

<script><line>Cilan: Welcome. This is Striaton City's Pokémon Gym.</line></script>
<script><line>(Chili walks out from behind Cilan.)</line></script>
<script><line>Chili: I'm the fire-type freak, Chili!</line></script>
<script><line>(Cress walks out from behind Cilan.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cress: I'm the water-user, Cress. Pleased to make your acquaintance.</line></script>
<script><line>Cilan: As for me... Call me Cilan, with a preference for grass-types.</line></script>
<script><line>Cilan: Um, well...</line></script>
<script><line>You may ask why there are three of us...</line></script>
<script><line>Chili: Well! Lemme explain!</line></script>
<script><line>We are three! And the type of the Pokémon you first chose decides who you fight!</line></script>
<script><line>Cress: That's right.</line></script>
<script><line>And the first partner you picked was a water-type.</line></script>
<script><line>Cilan: Right... Meaning your opponent is I, Cilan, preferrer of grass-types.</line></script>

<script><line>Cilan: If you are so willing, I would gladly commit myself to being your opponent.</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Cilan challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ah! My Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Oh? Could it be I'm down to one Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Er, is it over?</line></script>

<script><line>Cilan: ...You surprised me. You're very powerful indeed.</line></script>
<script><line>It would appear that neither Chili nor Cress could have bested you, either...</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Trio Badge from Cilan!]</line></script>
<script><line>Cilan: Gym badges are proof of a Trainer's strength.</line></script>
<script><line>With one badge in hand, Pokémon up to Level 20 will recognize your power and obey your orders.</line></script>
<script><line>Please take this in addition.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM83, "Work Up"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM83 into the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Cilan: The contents of TM83 are known as Work Up.</line></script>
<script><line>Use Work Up, and your attack and special attack will increase!</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, Technical Machines like that can be used indefinitely.</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Make sure to forever remember that magnificent moment when you got your first gym badge!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Stepping outside of gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Yahoo! I'm Fennel.</line></script>
<script><line>Professor Juniper asked me to give you something. So come on, follow me!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks you into her house.)</line></script>

<script><line>Fennel: So you guys are out to see all the Pokémon in Unova, eh?</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! The stairs are over here!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks over.)</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: My room's above. Going up!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks upstairs.)</line></script>

<script><line>Fennel: Now to really introduce myself!</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, I'm Fennel. As you can see, I'm a researcher.</line></script>
<script><line>And as for what I research, well, it's all about Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>Professor Juniper has been a friend of mine since our college days.</line></script>
<script><line>So she asked me to help you guys out!</line></script>
<script><line>That said!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll start by backing you up with this Hidden Machine!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained HM01 "Cut"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put HM01 into the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: There are moves that Pokémon can learn to use even outside of battle!</line></script>
<script><line>That Hidden Machine, Cut, allows you to learn a move that can cut through some trees.</line></script>
<script><line>Furthermore, Hidden Machines, like Technical Machines, can be used indefinitely! Ain't it great!</line></script>
<script><line>...Only thing is, once an HM is learned, it's tough to forget.</line></script>
<script><line>...So, rather than me assist you, can I ask you to do something for me?</line></script>
<script><line>Um, on the edge of Striaton City, there's a place called the Dreamyard.</line></script>
<script><line>I want some Dream Mist from the Pokémon Munna that appears there.</line></script>
<script><line>And once I have that... we can do a Game Sync!</line></script>
<script><line>We'll be able to assemble together reports from Trainers all over!</line></script>

<script><line>Fennel: So Juniper asked you to complete the Pokédex, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>...Having to update the Pokédex from time to time can be a hassle.</line></script>
<script><line>Oops! I said that out loud, didn't I?</line></script>
<script><line>Go get some Dream Mist from Munna in the Dreamyard! Please! I'm begging you!</line></script>

<script><line>You're a Trainer?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, have you ever used a PC in the Pokémon Center?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm Amanita, and I manage the storage system boxes.</line></script>
<script><line>Um... Are you familiar with Battle Boxes? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Go you!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, they're simple!</line></script>
<script><line>Battle Boxes are used to register Pokémon you use often in battles!</line></script>

<script><line>Amanita: Make sure to use my Battle Boxes!</line></script>
<script><line>You can record Pokémon on that PC over there if you want!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; After cutting the tree in the Dreamyard &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Oh, White, are you looking for a mystical Pokémon, too?</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: I wonder, though... how exactly does this "showing dreams" business work?</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy...!</line></script>
<script><line>Didn't you hear some kind of sound behind that wall?! Hey, c'mon, let's check it out!</line></script>

<script><line>Munna: ...mmmn.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Ah! Hold up!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Found you, Munna!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Alright, come on! Cough up the Dream Mist!</line></script>
<script><line>Munna: ...mmm!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hold on, what?!</line></script>
<script><line>And just WHO are you?</line></script>
<script><line>And what're you DOING?!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Who are we?</line></script>
<script><line>We're Team Plasma, and we're fighting day and night to liberate Pokémon from moronic humans!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: And what are we doing?</line></script>
<script><line>Munna and Musharna produce a special mist called Dream Mist that shows you dreams, right?</line></script>
<script><line>But people want to abuse those Pokémon to make use of it...</line></script>
<script><line>And if it showed their dreams, it would influence people's hearts!</line></script>
<script><line>Munna: Mun... naaah...</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Hey! Cough up that Dream Mist!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: You're kicking that poor Pokémon just so it'll give you Dream Mist?</line></script>
<script><line>That's horrible! Why would you DO that?! Aren't you Trainers, too?</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Yeah! We're Pokémon Trainers, alright.</line></script>
<script><line>But unlike you, we're fighting to make Pokémon free!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: And we WILL free your Pokémon from you!</line></script>
<script><line>We'll fight you and snatch them away... to liberty!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, then... Let us save your Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: WHAAA?! Help, White!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! T-The dreams...!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Guess he underestimated you as just some brat, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Whatever. I'm next!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! This is a nightmare!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...I can't BELIEVE we both lost!</line></script>
<script><line>But we HAVE to get the Dream Mist!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey! Gimme some Dream Mist!!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Stop it!</line></script>
<script><line>(Ghetsis... teleports in?)</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: ...What foolishness is this?</line></script>
<script><line>(A... second Ghetsis teleports in? UH.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: We of Team Plasma are to separate foolish humans from Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>If you cannot accomplish that duty...!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: W-What's this...?!</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't that Lord Ghetsis...? The one who was giving that speech to fool everybody?!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Right... and since we screwed up our plan...</line></script>
<script><line>Lord Ghetsis is going to punish us good...!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: W... Well, let's go apologize really quick and maybe he'll forgive us!</line></script>
<script><line>(They run and Ghetsis disappears. Musharna comes out from behind a wall to join Munna.)</line></script>
<script><line>???: M'nah!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...What was all that?</line></script>
<script><line>That Ghetsis guy was, like, in two places at once... that wasn't real, was it?</line></script>
<script><line>...Maybe it was a dream?</line></script>
<script><line>And that Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>???: WHOA!</line></script>
<script><line>(Fennel runs in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: I couldn't wait any longer, so I just came anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>And is it just me, or is that Musharna?!</line></script>
<script><line>Musharna: Moosh?</line></script>
<script><line>Munna: Murm.</line></script>
<script><line>(They leave and drop an item.)</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: What happened?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, Fennel.</line></script>
<script><line>Um, well, there was Munna... but then some guys from Team Plasma came and kicked it...</line></script>
<script><line>Then Musharna came... and then we saw something that might've been a dream? And then the Plasma guys ran, and...</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: ...I see.</line></script>
<script><line>Musharna is the Pokémon that evolves from Munna.</line></script>
<script><line>It saw its friend Munna was in a pickle, so it used its power to make a dream into reality and save Munna.</line></script>
<script><line>...But, wait, hold up!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks up to the item.)</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't this Dream Mist?!</line></script>
<script><line>Then with this, my research is complete!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, you two, come back to my house!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Fennel leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Whew... That was all... totally hairy and stuff.</line></script>
<script><line>White, would you go to Fennel's house?</line></script>
<script><line>Me? I'm going to look for that Pokémon we saw!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Fennel's room &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Fennel: TADAAAH!</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks to you getting me the Dream Mist...</line></script>
<script><line>We can now collect records from Trainers all over! I'm truly thankful!</line></script>
<script><line>As an expression of my thanks, I'll let you use the C-Gear!</line></script>
<script><line>The C-Gear is a device that uses wireless infrared communication, or Wi-Fi, to connect you to others.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the C-Gear!]</line></script>

<script><line>WARNING!</line></script>
<script><line>In places with restrictions on wireless communication, such as airplanes or hospitals, please turn off the C-Gear and cease communication.</line></script>
<script><line>Turn on the C-Gear and begin communication? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Fennel: Look! Upon booting up the C-Gear, a screen appears!</line></script>
<script><line>Touch the ? in the lower-left corner of the screen to read an explanation of the C-Gear.</line></script>
<script><line>And now, the Game Sync, the system used to collect Trainer reports...</line></script>
<script><line>Do you want me to do a little explaining of the system? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Well, sorry, but I'm so happy that I'll explain anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>After all, it's thanks to you that I was able to make such an incredible achievement!!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>A Game Sync utilizes Dream Mist to produce the memories of a sleeping Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>That's right! And reports from Trainers worldwide can assemble together!!</line></script>
<script><line>And there's something even more incredible!</line></script>
<script><line>Game Syncing allows you to see the dreams of a sleeping Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Just put a Pokémon to sleep with Game Sync...</line></script>
<script><line>And that Pokémon's dream is made reality in a place in the center of Unova called the High-Link!!</line></script>
<script><line>Game Syncing is just astounding, isn't it?! Your interest is not only piqued, but peaked, I'm sure?</line></script>
<script><line>If you're interested, you should try sending in your report, too!</line></script>
<script><line>The details are summed up in the PC over there, so check it if you must!</line></script>

<script><line>Amanita: Oh, Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm big sis's assistant. I'm very grateful to you!</line></script>
<script><line>This is from me. It's alright, you can have it.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Pal Pad!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Pal Pad in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Amanita: You can connect over Wi-Fi with the friends you record in that notebook.</line></script>
<script><line>Connecting with them allows you to enjoy Pokémon matches and Pokémon trading.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, a quick explanation on how to record friends.</line></script>
<script><line>Use the Pal Pad in your bag's Key Items pocket and directly input your friend's code...</line></script>
<script><line>Or, using the C-Gear's IR communications, simply record them straight away!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; On Route 3 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Halt, White!</line></script>
<script><line>We've both got the Trio Badge, so I want to see which of us is stronger!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Oof! You chose quite the move, as always...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Why...? We have the same number of gym badges and everything...</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...I see. So that's how you fight...</line></script>
<script><line>???: Shove it, comin' through!</line></script>
<script><line>(Plasma Grunts run by.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: What was that...?</line></script>
<script><line>Is that Bianca? Why's she running?</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca comes in with a girl.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy! Which way did those guys just head?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Uh, that way...</line></script>
<script><line>So why are you in such a hurry?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Ah, sheesh! They sure made their getaway fast!!</line></script>
<script><line>Girl: ...Miss... what about my Pokémon...?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: It's alright! So... so please don't cry!!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Um, Bianca, so WHY are you in such a HURRY?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Listen!</line></script>
<script><line>Those guys you just saw stole this girl's Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Well, you should've said so earlier!</line></script>
<script><line>White, we'll get back that Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca! You stay with the girl!</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren runs off after them.)</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Please, White...</line></script>
<script><line>Get back that Pokémon Team Plasma stole!</line></script>

<script><line>Girl: ...Why would... you take somebody's Pokémon...?</line></script>

<script><line>(Cheren's waiting outside a cave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...They went in here.</line></script>
<script><line>White, are your Pokémon healthy and prepared? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Well, my pride won't allow me to lose to lowlifes who would steal someone's Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be waiting here, so get your things in order quick!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>...Okay, let's go.</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White!</line></script>
<script><line>Nothing's getting through to these annoying punks...</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Twerps like you can't control Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>You feel sorry for the Pokémon's pitiable plight, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, just hold out your Pokémon for Team Plasma, and we'll nab 'em, too!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Whoa, whoa, whoa! Losin' to a runt? Now that's a shocker!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: How?! How can we lose when we're in the right?!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Well done, White!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, hand over the Pokémon you took from that girl!</line></script>
<script><line>???: We ain't returning nothin'!</line></script>
<script><line>(Two more grunts walk in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Ugh, what a mess!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't you get in our way if you got no reason in your heads!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Us two'll be your opponents!</line></script>
<script><line>Once you see our amazing union, you'll just KNOW we're right!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: There are more...?</line></script>
<script><line>Even so, you're nothing more than Pokémon thieves!</line></script>
<script><line>White...</line></script>
<script><line>Let's show them what a childhood duo can accomplish!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt and Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! We lost?!</line></script>
<script><line>I can't believe Team Plasma was done in by this lot...!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: We're stealing Pokémon from stupid humans to liberate them!!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Yeesh. You guys are a real pain.</line></script>
<script><line>What reason could there ever be to steal somebody's Pokémon? None, that's what.</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Trainers like you are making Pokémon suffer...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...How are Trainers making Pokémon suffer? That doesn't make sense at all!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Fine, have your Pokémon back...</line></script>
<script><line>But it's such a pity that it'll be abused by people...</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: ...You'll realize your folly someday!</line></script>
<script><line>(The grunts leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: There exist Trainers that can show the true power of Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>And there are Pokémon that believe in and even respond to Trainers.</line></script>
<script><line>Given that, how could Pokémon be pitiable? I just don't get it.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... White, I'll go give back the Pokémon.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Go back to Bianca and the girl &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: White! I'm truly grateful!</line></script>
<script><line>You two took back the Pokémon together!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm just so glad to be friends with White and Cheren!!</line></script>
<script><line>Girl: Thank you, big sis!! [sir]</line></script>
<script><line>Have this as a reward!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained some Heal Balls!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Heal Balls in the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, Heal Balls!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon you catch with those will have their health recovered to full.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'll be taking this girl back.</line></script>
<script><line>See you, White! Bye-bye!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Down the path on Route 3 Bianca refused to let you go down while the Pokémon was stolen &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Halt, White!</line></script>
<script><line>That thick-looking grass over there...</line></script>
<script><line>It's rare, but you may encounter two Pokémon at once in there.</line></script>
<script><line>Basically, take caution if you need to step into thick grass.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm off to Nacrene City.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In Nacrene City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Come with me.</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren walks over to a house next to the Pokémon center.)</line></script>
<script><line>Head straight this way to get to the Pokémon Center.</line></script>
<script><line>And... if you want, you can use this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Chesto Berry!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Chesto Berry into the Berries pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Give a Chesto Berry to a Pokémon, and even if it falls asleep, it'll use it to wake up.</line></script>
<script><line>Lastly, some advice.</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader of Nacrene City uses normal-types.</line></script>
<script><line>If you bring fighting-type Pokémon, they'll probably be a great advantage.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; N comes out of the museum when you try to enter &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: I... want to see things no one else sees.</line></script>
<script><line>The ideal for the Pokémon we keep inside balls...</line></script>
<script><line>The truth of what a "Trainer" should be...</line></script>
<script><line>And a future where Pokémon have attained their zenith...</line></script>
<script><line>Don't you wish to see them, too? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>N: Is that so?</line></script>
<script><line>Then, can my friends and I show people the future? Allow me to test with you!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...Hmph. So my expectations were incorrect.</line></script>
<script><line>More importantly, can my friends and I show people the future? Allow me to test with you!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer N challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>The future remains to be seen... The world has not yet chosen it...</line></script>

<script><line>N: As they are now, my Pokémon cannot save all Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>The formula that can change the world is yet to be solved...</line></script>
<script><line>I require power... Power that will let everyone understand...</line></script>
<script><line>(He starts walking away.)</line></script>
<script><line>...I know what power it is I need.</line></script>
<script><line>...That of the legendary Pokémon that, together with a great hero, made this land of Unova... Zekrom!</line></script>
<script><line>I shall be your hero, Zekrom... and I shall befriend you!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the museum &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Hmm! Every time I behold this skeleton... it's simply charming!</line></script>
<script><line>(He turns around.)</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, hello. I'm the vice-curator, Hawes.</line></script>
<script><line>You've come a long way. Allow me to guide you around the building!</line></script>
<script><line>This skeleton... It's from a dragon-type Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps there was some form of disaster while it still roamed the lands, leaving it to fossilize like so.</line></script>
<script><line>(Walks over to a meteorite.)</line></script>
<script><line>This is an impressive stone. It's a meteorite!</line></script>
<script><line>It would appear to contain some kind of mystical space energy.</line></script>
<script><line>(Walks over to a rock.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, this is... just a plain old stone.</line></script>
<script><line>It was found in the desert, but the only value it has going for it is that it's old...</line></script>
<script><line>But it's quite pretty, so we put it up on display.</line></script>
<script><line>(Walks up to the back.)</line></script>
<script><line>Beyond here, the museum becomes a Pokémon gym.</line></script>
<script><line>Furthest in, you'll find the strong, yet kind gym leader awaiting.</line></script>
<script><line>Oh... and by the way, gym leader Lenora is my wife.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Further into the museum, a Pokémon gym awaits challengers... Atmospheric, don't you think?</line></script>
<script><line>That said, take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>This gym is full of Trainers that use normal-type Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And just between us... Normal-type is weak to fighting.</line></script>
<script><line>And you're sure to find some fighting-type Pokémon near Pinwheel Forest, so...</line></script>
<script><line>Now, let me explain the gym itself!</line></script>
<script><line>To proceed through this gym, you must answer questions hidden in books.</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, the first book to look for is "Hello, My Pokémon."</line></script>
<script><line>Whenever you're not sure where a book is, listen to what everyone has to say!</line></script>

<script><line>(First Trainer:)</line></script>
<script><line>My first recommendation is "Hello, My Pokémon."</line></script>
<script><line>It's on the shelf for children's books near the entrance.</line></script>

<script><line>(Young girl on stepladder:)</line></script>
<script><line>Hm? Looking for a book?</line></script>
<script><line>...Er, I believe "Hello, My Pokémon" is on the bookshelf nearest the entrance.</line></script>

<script><line>(Scientist girl on stepladder:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Hm, yes... I see...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! I was reading "Locomotive Construction."</line></script>
<script><line>If you want to read it, come over to me.</line></script>

<script><line>(Lower-left bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for children's books.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "How to Draw Pokémon"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>It's a book on how to draw, filled with drawings of Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>They're cutesy and easy to draw!</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Lower-left bookshelves, right side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for children's books.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Hello, My Pokémon"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>A fairytale about a boy who meets a Pokémon for the first time in his life.</line></script>
<script><line>He takes a little brown Pokémon along with him.</line></script>
<script><line>There's a note stuck in the pages...!</line></script>
<script><line>"LadyTrainers and gentleTrainers! This is gym leader Lenora!</line></script>
<script><line>There are four questions hidden in books in this library.</line></script>
<script><line>Can you answer those questions and get to me?! Now, the first question!</line></script>
<script><line>Q. What was the first Pokémon you met in this gym?</line></script>
<script><line>Here's a hint... it's a book in the middle row! So go look for it!"</line></script>

<script><line>(Lower-right bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for children's books.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Route 3 Adventure"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>The story of a youth who goes on a grand adventure with his Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>He's also journeying with a boy and a girl.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Lower-right bookshelves, right side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Pokémon Pastries"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Put berries in a pot and you can make delicious pastries!</line></script>
<script><line>In the far-off Sinnoh region, berries are used to make a pastry called "Poffin."</line></script>
<script><line>It's a Pokémon delicacy!</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Middle-left bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Patrat Anatomy"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the anatomy of Patrat.</line></script>
<script><line>Patrat communicate with their tails. A tail standing up on end signals that they've spotted an enemy.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Middle-left bookshelves, right side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Snivy Anatomy"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the anatomy of Snivy.</line></script>
<script><line>If their tails point to the sun while in direct sunlight, it means they're in the midst of photosynthesis.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Middle-right bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Oshawott Anatomy"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the anatomy of Oshawott.</line></script>
<script><line>The extremely hard shell that forms over Oshawott's navel can be used as a tool.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Top-left bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on society.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Potions Own!"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the creation and proper use of Potions.</line></script>
<script><line>It also talks about how to use them on misbehaving Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Top-right bookshelves, left side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on society.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "The Art of Pokémon Battle"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the proper timing of Pokémon switching.</line></script>
<script><line>"Switch Pokémon before the situation should look to turn dire!"</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Top-right bookshelves, right side:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on society.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Structure of a Pokémon Center"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Sums up the design of a Pokémon Center.</line></script>
<script><line>It also details a day in the life of a nurse.</line></script>
<script><line>...</line></script>
<script><line>This doesn't seem to be the book you're looking for.</line></script>

<script><line>(Young girl on stepladder, after reading the first question:)</line></script>
<script><line>Good day, Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>So you found a note and are looking for a Pokémon book, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Oho! Well, actually, I'm reading a book on Pokémon too.</line></script>
<script><line>...Er, this one's about Tepig.</line></script>
<script><line>Wasn't the first Pokémon you met in this gym a Tepig? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oho! That's too bad!</line></script>
<script><line>The first Pokémon you met here wasn't a Tepig!</line></script>
<script><line>Try to remember which Pokémon you fought at the gym's entrance.</line></script>
<script><line>A hint: check the shelves to the left!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oho! Right you are!</line></script>
<script><line>What WAS the Pokémon you fought at the gym's entrance, then?</line></script>
<script><line>A hint: check the shelves to the left!</line></script>

<script><line>(Reading the Patrat book after talking to the girl:)</line></script>
<script><line>There's a note on the last page...!</line></script>
<script><line>"That question was pretty simple for you, right? Now for the second one!</line></script>
<script><line>Q. Flame burns in its body, and it runs with smoke coming out its head... What book fits with that?!</line></script>
<script><line>Here's a hint... Somebody may be reading it?!"</line></script>

<script><line>(Scientist girl on stepladder after reading the second question:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Hm, yes... I see...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! You're looking for a book because of a note you found? What did it say?</line></script>
<script><line>"Flame burns in its body, and it runs with smoke coming out its head..."</line></script>
<script><line>And I'm reading "Locomotive Construction"! Is this the correct book? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! And correct you are!</line></script>
<script><line>"Flame burns in its body, and it runs with smoke coming out its head..."</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, that's a locomotive! Well, I'll let you read this book. But first...</line></script>
<script><line>I'd appreciate it if you could have a Pokémon battle with me for my research!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ooh... Sorry, no!</line></script>
<script><line>"Flame burns in its body, and it runs with smoke coming out its head..."</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, that's a locomotive!</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, I'll let you read this book anyway for trying. But first...</line></script>
<script><line>I'd appreciate it if you could have a Pokémon battle with me for my research!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Return a read book back to its shelf... That's a book-reading rule.</line></script>

<script><line>(Reading the book behind the scientist girl once she moves:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on society.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Locomotive Construction"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings concerning locomotives.</line></script>
<script><line>They run on steam power provided by the flames burning inside them, letting out smoke on the way!</line></script>
<script><line>There's a note on the back cover...!</line></script>
<script><line>"I see you've made it this far! Maybe it means you could challenge me? Well, here's the third question!</line></script>
<script><line>Q. What becomes tasty when you simmer it all around in a pan?</line></script>
<script><line>Hint: a book close to the entrance!"</line></script>

<script><line>(Reading the Poffin book after reading the third question:)</line></script>
<script><line>There's a note in the afterword...!</line></script>
<script><line>"None of the questions have stuck you yet, huh? Okay, here's the last one!</line></script>
<script><line>Q. From this bookshelf... Go up two, left one, back two, right one, and up one... where are you?</line></script>
<script><line>As for a hint...? Well, just try it out yourself!"</line></script>

<script><line>(Young girl on stepladder after reading the last question:)</line></script>
<script><line>...So I suppose you read the last note and ended up at me!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm here to give you the last question!</line></script>
<script><line>"Q. If you beat me, will you be able to get to the gym leader?" [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oho! Correct!</line></script>
<script><line>So let's go, Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ooh! Too bad!</line></script>
<script><line>But I'll tell you the answer if you beat me!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>You'll meet the gym leader soon. Here's the last book!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, go on! Read it!</line></script>

<script><line>(Reading the book behind the young girl once she moves:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's a shelf for books on Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Read the book "Tepig Anatomy"? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Writings on the anatomy of Tepig.</line></script>
<script><line>Flames burn within them and blaze out their nostrils, but when they're not feeling well, only smoke can come out.</line></script>
<script><line>There's a letter stuck in the pages...!</line></script>
<script><line>"You made it! You don't have just brawn, but brains! I look forward to fighting you! - Gym Leader Lenora"</line></script>
<script><line>Click!</line></script>
<script><line>There was a switch under the book!</line></script>
<script><line>(The bookshelf moves. Very slowly.)</line></script>
<script><line>Whoa! A staircase appeared!</line></script>

<script><line>Hello there!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm the curator of the Nacrene City museum and gym leader of Nacrene Gym.</line></script>
<script><line>That's right, I'm Lenora!</line></script>
<script><line>So then, my challenger, just how do you fight with your lovingly-raised Pokémon? Allow me to study you!</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Lenora challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Aha, NOW I get to see what kind of Trainer you are!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even in these circumstances, I can find a way to win!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Now that was really something! Ain't you just charming!</line></script>

<script><line>That battle was just indescribable! I was in a trance!</line></script>
<script><line>You're just the right Pokémon Trainer to give this Basic Badge to!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Basic Badge from Lenora!]</line></script>
<script><line>With two badges, any Pokémon up to Level 30'll listen to what you say!</line></script>
<script><line>Also, you oughta take this TM, too!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM67 "Retaliate"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM67 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>If an ally Pokémon was defeated on the previous turn, Retaliate will have double the power!</line></script>
<script><line>If you learn to master it, it can take down some formidable foes!</line></script>

<script><line>Honey!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Hawes runs in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Hawes: Honey!! This is bad! Very bad!!</line></script>
<script><line>These Team Plasma guys were all, "We'll take this skull!", and...</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: What're you talkin' about?! What do you mean?!</line></script>
<script><line>White! You come with!</line></script>
<script><line>(Lenora runs out really fast.)</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: Hold up, you! Stop foolin' around!!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Oh, you came, gym leader?</line></script>
<script><line>We're going to take this museum's Dragon Skull for our cause of liberating Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: And to show you we're serious, we'll do it right before your eyes!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Alright! Smokescreen! ("Plasmaaaaa!" "Plasmaaaaa!")</line></script>
<script><line>(They smokescreen away with the Dragonite skull.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: What in the name of...</line></script>
<script><line>(Lenora runs out.)</line></script>
<script><line>Hawes: Uh... uh?! We've got to chase them down!</line></script>

<script><line>???: Hey, Miss Lenora! Found any good fossils?</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: And are you out lookin' for inspiration again?</line></script>
<script><line>White!</line></script>
<script><line>Take a good look at this guy, 'cause he's Burgh, Castelia Gym's leader!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: ...Hmm? Is it just me, or is something off about you?</line></script>
<script><line>Could there have been... some kind of trouble, maybe?</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: You bet there is!! They've got one of my exhibits!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, uh, White? Why's everyone bunched up here?</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren also walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Is there a problem, White?</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: What's all this, then? These kids... they friends of yours?</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... .. ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca and Cheren... alright, you must be Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>Then let's split the work! I'll go this way...</line></script>
<script><line>And you kids!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren and Bianca, watch the museum for me!</line></script>
<script><line>Then Burgh and White'll go search Pinwheel Forest!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright? Burgh, you lead the way.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm beggin' you all!</line></script>
<script><line>(Lenora runs off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Well now... You're... White, then?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, shall we go? Let's do away with those thieves!</line></script>
<script><line>(Burgh leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, White! Take this with you!</line></script>
<script><line>It's a Dowsing Machine Fennel left with me!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Dowsing Machine!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Dowsing Machine in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Using the Dowsing Machine won't let you see invisible items, but it will let you see their locations!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Is it really... I don't know, safe to leave us protecting the museum for the time being...?</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren goes inside.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, me too!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Waiting on the path to Pinwheel Forest &gt;&gt;</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Pinwheel Forest is just ahead.</line></script>
<script><line>If they did indeed run off there, it could be troublesome.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In Pinwheel Forest &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Hm...</line></script>
<script><line>There are only two ways out of Pinwheel Forest.</line></script>
<script><line>The path straight through, and the path that goes through the forest.</line></script>
<script><line>If we head down both, we should catch up to them.</line></script>
<script><line>Even if they're not there, we'll make sure to shut up the exits so they can't run.</line></script>
<script><line>Would you search this route to see if there are any Plasma grunts hiding?</line></script>
<script><line>There are lots of Trainers, too, but it's a straight path in essence, so you won't get lost.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, then! Shall we do this, for Miss Lenora?</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At end of forest &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Oh, what's this?</line></script>
<script><line>My allies couldn't have been defeated by this twerp, could they?!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, whatever! I'm your opponent!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! Alas, the Pokémon couldn't be saved!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...Alright, fine. Have your stupid skull back!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Dragon Skull!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Dragon Skull in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Could this mean that our hopes... and our king's hopes... are all futile...?</line></script>
<script><line>(Gorm walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Gorm: Are you alright?</line></script>
<script><line>You vowed your loyalty to the king!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Sage...!</line></script>
<script><line>I got the skull this far, but then it was stolen before my eyes!</line></script>
<script><line>Gorm: It's fine.</line></script>
<script><line>We'll just give up on the Dragon Skull for now.</line></script>
<script><line>After all, it had nothing to do with the legendary Pokémon Team Plasma is searching for.</line></script>
<script><line>But we will not overlook your meddling.</line></script>
<script><line>Don't get in our way again, or we'll make you pay.</line></script>
<script><line>(Burgh walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Ah, great!</line></script>
<script><line>From the bustling of the bug Pokémon, I could tell there had to be a bigshot around.</line></script>
<script><line>Did you come to help the guys we just beat?</line></script>
<script><line>(Lenora runs in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: White! Burgh!</line></script>
<script><line>The others didn't have jack...</line></script>
<script><line>So, what, is this guy their boss?</line></script>
<script><line>Gorm: I am one of Team Plasma's Seven Sages.</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis, also one the Sages, is using his eloquence to convince people to release their Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>The rest of us Sages order Team Plasma to steal Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>But this is only a minor and necessary evil.</line></script>
<script><line>The bug-user Burgh, and the normal-user Lenora...</line></script>
<script><line>I know you two would fight a hundred battles... We will obediently pull back for now.</line></script>
<script><line>But we shall take Pokémon from Trainers to liberate them!</line></script>
<script><line>Not even from gym leaders shall we allow any meddling!</line></script>
<script><line>When might this matter be resolved? Regardless, I look forward to it...</line></script>
<script><line>(Gorm and the grunt disappear with a fadeout.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: They're quick runners, eh?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, Burgh, you gonna chase after 'em?</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: No...</line></script>
<script><line>We cornered them and got back your stolen skull. I don't know what else they're guilty of.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, Miss Lenora, I've got to be going...</line></script>
<script><line>And also... I'll be waiting for YOU to challenge me at the Castelia City Pokémon gym.</line></script>
<script><line>Yep! Ooh, really looking forward to that...</line></script>
<script><line>(Burgh leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: White!</line></script>
<script><line>That's the Dragon Skull you toiled to get back, right?</line></script>
<script><line>[White handed over the Dragon Skull!]</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: I'm truly grateful, White!</line></script>
<script><line>A Trainer as kind as you is sure to make any Pokémon around happy.</line></script>
<script><line>This is a token of my thanks. Treasure it!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Moon Stone!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Moon Stone in the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: That's a Moon Stone!</line></script>
<script><line>There are Pokémon out there that'll evolve if you use that on them.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I've got to get the Dragon Skull back to the museum.</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, watch yourself!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Try to enter the gym in Castelia City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Hey, White!</line></script>
<script><line>I just challenged the gym leader Burgh.</line></script>
<script><line>He's definitely quite the gym leader...</line></script>
<script><line>I got the badge, but it was honestly pretty tricky.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, not like I was going to have any problems with bug types, anyway.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm going to keep beating all the gym leaders in Unova.</line></script>
<script><line>Then I'll head for the Pokémon League and beat the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>Once I do that, everyone'll recognize me as a powerful Trainer...</line></script>
<script><line>I really feel that's what I'm living for...</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren leaves, then Burgh comes running out.)</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Oho?</line></script>
<script><line>You... Yes, you fought Team Plasma in Pinwheel Forest...</line></script>
<script><line>And I believe your name was...</line></script>
<script><line>White!</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps you're here to challenge my gym?</line></script>
<script><line>Aww... er, I know it's awful of me, but could you wait a little longer?</line></script>
<script><line>I've heard word that Team Plasma is in town!</line></script>
<script><line>You need to come too! Head to Prime Pier!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; On the pier (the primest one) &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Here, this way!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Team Plasma... stole this girl's Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...What do we do, White?</line></script>
<script><line>My Munna... Team Plasma took it!</line></script>
<script><line>???: I heard this missy here screamin' and came running!</line></script>
<script><line>...But this town is just massive. I lost the thieves in the crowds.</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Iris... You did what you could.</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: ...But it ain't right!</line></script>
<script><line>You just CAN'T take somebody's Pokémon!!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon and people coexisting is just so... super!</line></script>
<script><line>Having each other there for support is TOPS!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...Iris...</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Right! Which is why we'll get the Pokémon back!</line></script>
<script><line>Right, White?</line></script>
<script><line>...Of course, searching for a person or a Pokémon in Castelia City is like searching for a needle in a haystack...</line></script>
<script><line>(A Plasma grunt walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Uh? Why's the gym leader here?!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean sure, after coming all this way, it sucks we could only snatch one lousy Pokémon... but, um, I think I gotta run...!!</line></script>
<script><line>(She does.)</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: White, let's go!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris! You stay with this girl.</line></script>
<script><line>(Burgh leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: I'll serve as Bianca's bodyguard!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't worry, missy, I'll chase off anybody who just LOOKS at you funny!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: ...I'm sorry, Munna...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm a Trainer who can't even protect her own Pokémon... I...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Find Burgh by the fountain &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Thataway!</line></script>
<script><line>Hm, wait, isn't that the way to the gym?!</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: ...</line></script>
<script><line>There's no doubt, this is the place.</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Nope, sorry!</line></script>
<script><line>There's no Plasma members or Sages in here!</line></script>
<script><line>You think I'm lying? Wanna fight about it? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: ...Hmph. Now scram!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: ...It seems battling is the only way we're getting in.</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Grrr!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll take this weakling, so you two go for the strong one over there!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: ...The nerve!</line></script>
<script><line>White, you take care of them!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ngh! Seriously, just for taking somebody's Pokémon?!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: This is bad...</line></script>
<script><line>This is awful, terrible, worst, worst, worst!</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma's been smashed again! Plasmashed, you could say!</line></script>
<script><line>We'll have to report back to the Sage for now...!</line></script>
<script><line>(The grunts run inside and Bianca and Iris arrive.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: ...Whew, I got lost.</line></script>
<script><line>Even trying to work out directions over the Xtransceiver, it's all moonspeak to me!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Team Plasma is right here.</line></script>
<script><line>So maybe the Pokémon they stole will be, too! Okay, I'm going in!</line></script>
<script><line>(Burgh runs inside.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Alrighty! I'm fighting too this time!! Hey, and missy Bianca, too!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: H-Hold up, though...</line></script>
<script><line>White, you need to come too!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca and Iris go inside.)</line></script>

<script><line>Ghetsis: So this is the gym leader Burgh...</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Team Plasma... are you the ones stealing what you want from people?</line></script>
<script><line>Bronius: Hiding out in plain sight near his gym seemed like an interesting idea, but it sure let him find us out quickly...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Quite so...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, we've already established a magnificent hideout.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, are you familiar with the legend of Unova's formation?</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Yeah, I know that! The one with the black dragon Pokémon, right?!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Correct... How can a world with so many countries arguing be put to order...?</line></script>
<script><line>There was a hero who pondered over that idea.</line></script>
<script><line>And a black dragon Pokémon who turned its fangs on those who defied it...</line></script>
<script><line>The hero and the Pokémon used their power to bring order to the hearts of all by creating Unova.</line></script>
<script><line>And once more! The hero and the Pokémon shall be revived here in Unova to capture people's hearts!</line></script>
<script><line>A remarkably simple desire of mine... rather, of Team Plasma's!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: There are many people here in Castelia City...</line></script>
<script><line>Their lifestyles and ways of thinking are all incredibly diverse.</line></script>
<script><line>So honestly, what are you saying? 'Cause I really think you're missing something. ("Buh?" "Like what?")</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: But everyone shares a similarity in one respect: their valuing of Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>We communicate with even our closest friends through Pokémon! Through battling or trading...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, about the speech at Accumula?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm thankful that you gave me a chance to reconsider what it meant to get along with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And so I swore...!</line></script>
<script><line>I would earnestly stand face to face with Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>But what you're doing isn't exactly strengthening the bonds between people and Pokémon, now is it?</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Wahahaha!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't think of it as seizing so much as dividing.</line></script>
<script><line>I have plenty of good sense. And I love humans, really.</line></script>
<script><line>After all, our king has brought together we Seven Sages to be an assembly of wisdom from all nations.</line></script>
<script><line>Very well! For now, I'll leave you to your opinion...</line></script>
<script><line>That girl over there... Give her back her Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>(A grunt produces Munna and it runs back to Bianca.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Th-Thank you!</line></script>
<script><line>Munnie...! Welcome baaack!!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Missy!!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't you see how villainous these guys are for taking people's beloved Pokémon?!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Y-Yeah... But I'm just so happy Munnie is safe...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: What a beautiful sight! Fellowship between man and Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>But we must still liberate Pokémon from foolish humans.</line></script>
<script><line>And for that purpose, we must re-enact the legend to change people's hearts...</line></script>
<script><line>Well then, take care...</line></script>
<script><line>(Team Plasma leaves with a fadeout.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: And why exactly did you let those scoundrels go?!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: ...Hrm.</line></script>
<script><line>What else could we do, given the stolen Pokémon at stake?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: It's all right! Thank you, Iris! Nobody got hurt or anything.</line></script>
<script><line>More than anything, it's just about meeting my precious Pokémon again!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Awright... I guess it's fine, then...</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: So, what will you all do now?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...I kinda wanna look around Castelia City, but, uh...</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: You're in luck!!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't worry, I'll keep bein' your bodyguard, missy Bianca!!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, Iris...</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Hm, alright.</line></script>
<script><line>Iris is an extraordinary Pokémon Trainer, although she doesn't care much for this city.</line></script>
<script><line>But anyway, people and Pokémon need to help each other! Cooperation and all that!!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Oh, and you, other missy! &lt;or "good sir"&gt;</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks for lookin' for the Pokémon! Take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Yache Berry!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Yache Berry in the Berries pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: See ya later!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Iris pretty much pushes Bianca out the door. "Wh...!" "Hold up!")</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Well, White, I'll be waiting in the gym.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Whew! How's Castelia City?</line></script>
<script><line>Just getting to the gym through the crowds wore you out, I bet?</line></script>
<script><line>That said, take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>The theme of this gym is breaking through to the other side of walls!</line></script>
<script><line>The honey walls may not look especially penetrable, but keep at it and you'll make it through!</line></script>
<script><line>And when you can't seem to get anywhere, just find a floor switch to step on!</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Thanks for earlier!</line></script>
<script><line>My bug Pokémon were clamoring to fight with you.</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, well, I might be going a little quick, but it's time to battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Burgh challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>BISH!! You've hit the switch of my soul!!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Let us further... the bug spirit! No, no, I don't mean it like that!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ooh...?! Could this be the end?!</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Aww... I lost...</line></script>
<script><line>Regardless, it shows you're definitely a strong one!</line></script>
<script><line>Take this gym badge! You beat me, after all!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Insect Badge from Burgh!]</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't the Insect Badge just awesome?!</line></script>
<script><line>In fact, with three badges, Pokémon up to Level 40 will listen to you.</line></script>
<script><line>Er, right. And take this, too.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM76 "Struggle Bug"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM76 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Struggle Bug deals damage to foes and and lowers their special attack.</line></script>
<script><line>Even something that seems trifling can be crucial, remember!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, where are you now?</line></script>
<script><line>I've got a favor to ask you... um, which is, let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>I think I've gotten a little stronger training with Iris.</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, I should at least be able to protect my Pokémon from now on...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's meet up at the gate leading to Route 4!</line></script>
<script><line>That's that! Okay, see you later!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gate between Castelia City and Route 4 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, White!</line></script>
<script><line>Remember the promise we made over the Xtransceiver?</line></script>
<script><line>Let's get started with this Pokémon battle right away!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, but first...</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca goes over to talk with the clerk, then comes back.)</line></script>
<script><line>He says to make sure our Pokémon battle doesn't damage the news ticker!</line></script>
<script><line>But I'm nothing like I was when I started! It'll be just fine!</line></script>
<script><line>So let's begin a brand new Pokémon battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Me and my Pokémon... We're way strong now!</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Oooooh... Am I in a tight spot...?</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even though I trained with Iris... Nah, I couldn't win after all...</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: ...I'm not really trying to be as strong a Trainer as you, White... or Cheren, or even Iris, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Since I set out from Nuvema Town, I've met so many people...</line></script>
<script><line>And I've been thinking about what I want to do with my life!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, Pokémon have shown me so many things for the first time!</line></script>
<script><line>...I was uneasy and clueless on what to do when my Pokémon was stolen...</line></script>
<script><line>But I'm still so glad I could go on this journey!</line></script>
<script><line>Plus, I've learned how very valuable it is to be with Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's meet again somewhere! Bye-bye, White!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Out on Route 4 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Hey, White.</line></script>
<script><line>I've been waiting for you to get the Insect Badge.</line></script>
<script><line>It may be sudden, but I want to see... which of us is the stronger Trainer?</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>I know full well the value of getting the first strike!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>If I show the full power of my Pokémon, I can still turn this around!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Well done. But why can't I win?!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...I see.</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps the reason you're so strong is because of your trust with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>But, no problem. Me, Slitheroot... we'll all get stronger!</line></script>
<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hiiiii there!</line></script>
<script><line>White, could I talk with you for a bit?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Do you need something, Professor Juniper?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: ...Bianca hasn't noticed I called, has she... Wonder what she got distracted by now?</line></script>
<script><line>I'll just have to talk to her later!</line></script>
<script><line>Well! The two of you!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm waiting at the gate in front of Nimbasa City!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...U-Um?!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...So.</line></script>
<script><line>To get to the Nimbasa City gate, we just proceed straight through Route 4 here.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the Route 4 to Nimbasa gate &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hiiiii there, White!!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Come over here.</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Elesa called me over to ask me all about electric-type Pokémon, and I was reminded of you...</line></script>
<script><line>So, this is what I "wanted" you for! Bam! At your service!!</line></script>
<script><line>Here, Cheren!</line></script>
<script><line>And here, White!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained some Ultra Balls!]</line></script>
<script><line>[Eselle put the Ultra Balls into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>If you ever run into a Pokémon you want to keep, don't be frugal, make sure you use a good Poké Ball!</line></script>
<script><line>You never know if it'll be both the first and last time you see that Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, of course I'd say that, having asked you to complete the Pokédex and all.</line></script>
<script><line>It might sound a little weird, but I really do want you to enjoy your journey!</line></script>
<script><line>...Oh!</line></script>
<script><line>Not like I'm saying it's fine to completely ignore the Pokédex, of course.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... I've got to meet up with Bianca.</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...She gave us Pokémon and Pokédexes so we could go on a journey...</line></script>
<script><line>That's the gist of it. It's what my mother told me.</line></script>
<script><line>They wanted us to see the world, so my mom, your mom, and Bianca's mom all asked Professor Juniper to help.</line></script>
<script><line>So, White. What will you do now?</line></script>
<script><line>Hm... Well, excuse me. I think I'll go catch some of the Pokémon I haven't caught on Route 4.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Near the entrance of Nimbasa City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Hey, gramps! So you're a caretaker, huh?!</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma knows your needs!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Yeah, we take people's Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>You could say we're taking Pokémon into our custody to raise them! So hand 'em over!</line></script>
<script><line>Old Man: What nonsense!</line></script>
<script><line>(He notices White and runs over.)</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! Trainer, you look strong! Help me!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Get in the way, and we'll take your Pokémon too!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! ...AAAAA!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: !!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: What ARE you?! I think we better run for now!</line></script>
<script><line>Let's head into the park!</line></script>
<script><line>(The grunts run off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Old Man: Thank you!</line></script>
<script><line>Take this as an expression of my gratitude!</line></script>
<script><line>I was planning on riding this bike to and from Nimbasa City, but... Well, I don't think I'll be doing that after all.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Bicycle!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Bicycle in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Old Man: I run a daycare on Route 3!</line></script>
<script><line>If there's any Pokémon you want us to raise, feel free to leave them with us!</line></script>
<script><line>...Whew, coming here was quite an experience!</line></script>
<script><line>(The old man leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy! White!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>I heard from the Professor that Nimbasa City is loaded with attractions!</line></script>
<script><line>It's like an amusement park! The Big Stadium, the Little Court...</line></script>
<script><line>And the Battle Subway!</line></script>
<script><line>Me, I'm gonna go to the Musical Hall! See you!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the hall &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Oh, White!</line></script>
<script><line>You're wondering about the musicals? Come in with me!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heeey! Awesome, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Owner: Oh, hello, Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm the owner of this musical hall. Nice to meet you!</line></script>
<script><line>Hmm! I get a good feeling from you Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>Putting decorations on Pokémon... You might call it "dress-up," but won't you please give it a try?</line></script>
<script><line>Here, I'll even give you a free Decoration Case!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Decoration Case!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Decoration Case in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>You can put decorations for your Pokémon inside that Decoration Case!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, first, choose a Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Choose.)</line></script>
<script><line>Now, let's dress them up!</line></script>
<script><line>(Um... okay.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ohhh! The two of you are so well-coordinated! It's positively charming!</line></script>
<script><line>Once you've dressed someone up, they can be entered into a musical!</line></script>
<script><line>Please, I implore you to enter a musical!</line></script>
<script><line>Go to the receptionist for an explanation on musicals.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I look forward to seeing you on the stage!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hmm... Wonder what should we do?</line></script>
<script><line>Musicals sound wonderful and all, but there are other things I'm curious about...</line></script>
<script><line>...Okay, decided! I NEED to see the rest of Nimbasa!</line></script>
<script><line>See you, White!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Stepping outside the hall &gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Dad?! Why are you here?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca's Dad: I came to take you back home by any means necessary!</line></script>
<script><line>I heard from your mother that you'd come this far... Isn't this enough for you?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: No way!!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm still on a journey with White, and with my Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca's Dad: It's pointless! Seeing new places is one thing, but home is home!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Yeah? Well maybe I'm just me! And you're just dad!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Young lady... do continue your journey.</line></script>
<script><line>(Elesa walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca Dad: Excuse me?! And who are you? This is a family matter!</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: Call me Elesa.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm a model, and this town's gym leader.</line></script>
<script><line>Naturally, the world is filled with all kinds of people.</line></script>
<script><line>And with people who don't think at all like you, there may be times when you feel hurt...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca's Dad: That's right!</line></script>
<script><line>Of course there are! That's why I'm so worried...</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: However...</line></script>
<script><line>As such things recur, the differences between you and others become simply natural, and you learn to value them.</line></script>
<script><line>And though you worry, remember that there will always be Pokémon to stand at a Trainer's side.</line></script>
<script><line>They may appear merely cute, but if you call for them, Pokémon are extremely dependable...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: I'm begging you!</line></script>
<script><line>I know there are things out there that you're right to worry about, dad... I know that!</line></script>
<script><line>But...! There are really nice people, too!</line></script>
<script><line>And by being with Pokémon, I'll even get a little stronger! So... so...!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca's Dad: ...Hrmm...</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ...Well.</line></script>
<script><line>I'd say it seems selfish of you to want to continue your journey, Bianca, but...</line></script>
<script><line>It would be much more selfish of me to force you to stop.</line></script>
<script><line>Any way you slice it, I'm the one being childish...</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader has helped me realize something.</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, Bianca... you can very well do what you please, definitely.</line></script>
<script><line>Your father will be praying that your journey leads you to many worthwhile things.</line></script>
<script><line>White, look after Bianca for me.</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca's dad leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Dad...</line></script>
<script><line>When I find what it is I want to do, I'll be sure to come home!</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: He, too, must have adventured as a Trainer long ago... But it's tough being a parent.</line></script>
<script><line>Was I too nosy?</line></script>
<script><line>I was a little bothered when I saw you arguing, so I sort of just stuck my head in...</line></script>
<script><line>If you're Trainers, then you're welcome at the Pokémon gym.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll show you how intense your journey can be.</line></script>
<script><line>(Elesa leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: SO cool!</line></script>
<script><line>I wish I could be as suave as Miss Elesa!</line></script>
<script><line>...Huh... yeah, I wonder what I could do?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, before that, I've gotta find what it is I WANNA do! See you, White!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; N in a fair area &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...Are you looking for Team Plasma?</line></script>
<script><line>They ran off to the center of the park. Come with me.</line></script>
<script><line>(He walks over to the Ferris wheel.)</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...Not here.</line></script>
<script><line>Let's ride the Ferris wheel and look for them there.</line></script>
<script><line>I love Ferris wheels, you know.</line></script>
<script><line>Their circular motion... the dynamics... a beautiful combination of formulas...</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...I shall go first, then. I am the king of Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>Requested by Ghetsis, we aim to save Pokémon together.</line></script>
<script><line>How many Pokémon exist in this world, I wonder...?</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Lord N!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Are you alright?!</line></script>
<script><line>N: I'm just fine.</line></script>
<script><line>My followers, who collaborate to save Pokémon... I must protect them, too.</line></script>
<script><line>While I fight, you two get away from here.</line></script>
<script><line>...So, White, do you understand my thoughts? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>I see... That's a shame.</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>I'm truly happy to hear that.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... This is the future I have seen...</line></script>
<script><line>Even if I cannot win against you here, I shall fight you for the sake of Team Plasma!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Member N challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon seem so... happy!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even if I lose, is the future you see different... or not?</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>So we were alike... But, you... What are you?</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...You are strong.</line></script>
<script><line>But there is a future I must change. And so...!</line></script>

<script><line>N: I shall surpass the Champion.</line></script>
<script><line>I will stand as an undefeatable opponent...</line></script>
<script><line>And I shall liberate Pokémon from all Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>But you... you wish to be together with Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>If that is your desire, then collect all the gym badges and come to the Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>Once there, try to stop me!</line></script>

<script><line>N: If you do not feel as strongly... you shall not stop me.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Nimbasa City intermission: female &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(Depending on the season, you can fight a variety of Trainers in front of the Ferris wheel, then go for a ride with them afterward.</line></script>
<script><line>Um... most of the rides could be classified as "dates." So, without further ado.)</line></script>

<script><line>[[ Breakdancer Dirk - Spring ]]</line></script>
<script><line>Ahhh, it's been sweltering day after day, and now I'm getting sleepy...</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, you there, you got a sec?</line></script>
<script><line>I'd like to take a ride on this Ferris wheel, buuut...</line></script>
<script><line>This one's a dual-rider, so I can't ride it all on my ownsome.</line></script>
<script><line>So, if it's okay with you, would you sit with me?</line></script>
<script><line>I can't give you much in return, but I'll fight you with this Pokémon I raised real good! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Alright... I guess I'll let you off if you're worried. Well, I'll find somebody else!</line></script>
<script><line>Sorry, but thank you muchly anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huh? Seriously? Thank yooou! You seem like a good girl!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, now to introduce you to my super-beloved Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Breakdancer Dirk, who has a Darumaka. "Owow... How is it you're so strong?")</line></script>
<script><line>Err... White, is it?</line></script>
<script><line>Wow! You're super awesome!</line></script>
<script><line>From the looks of you, I thought, man, she couldn't beat anybody I know!</line></script>
<script><line>I thought you were just kinda cute, but your Pokémon are stylin' too! Talk about rad!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, then...</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, let's get on this Ferris wheel already!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>...Risin' up, risin' up... Whoa, this is surprisingly speedy.</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! C'mere for a sec! C'mon - huh?... Aah... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>...Eh?</line></script>
<script><line>Am I alright?</line></script>
<script><line>Y-Yeah, I'm fine, just fine! It ain't nothin' at all!</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...White, thank you muchly for today!</line></script>
<script><line>I used to think the Ferris wheel was just for little kids, but hoo-whee...</line></script>
<script><line>That view is just beautiful... It's just so... thrilling...</line></script>
<script><line>Yeah, I don't think it'd be such a bad idea to do this again from time to time!</line></script>
<script><line>If you want, let's ride again sometime! See ya, White!</line></script>

<script><line>Oh! If it isn't White!</line></script>
<script><line>U-Um, if it's alright, wanna play with me?</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, as in, a Pokémon battle... and then a ride on the Ferris wheel? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Alright... Sorry, that was unreasonable of me.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, anytime you got time to spare, gimme a holler! See ya, White!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huh? Yes? Seriously?! YESSS! Thank yooou!! You're so good to me!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, I'm getting ahead of myself, but let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Aah! So sad!!</line></script>
<script><line>As ever, you really are pretty strong!</line></script>
<script><line>You think you could aim to be the Champion one of these days? If I were you, White, I wouldn't count that out as just some fantasy! I'm behind you all the way!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, then...</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, let's get on this Ferris wheel already!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>...Risin' up, risin' up... Whoa, this is surprisingly speedy.</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! C'mere for a sec! C'mon - huh?... Aah... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, sorry, sorry... I was just thinking to myself.</line></script>
<script><line>There's something about it...</line></script>
<script><line>The time I spend playing with you seems to go by too fast, White! Time is short! Don't you think...?</line></script>
<script><line>Haha, well, don't you worry your little head about it!</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you muchly! Let's play again! Bye-bye, White!</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Ace Trainer Austin - Summer ]]</line></script>
<script><line>These hot days just keep coming...</line></script>
<script><line>Hm? What's up...? Perhaps you had an interest in this Ferris wheel?</line></script>
<script><line>Unfortunately for you, this Ferris wheel is a two-rider, so you won't be able to ride it on your own.</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...Right.</line></script>
<script><line>Would you battle with me? Should you win the battle, I shall allow you to ride the Ferris wheel with me.</line></script>
<script><line>How about it? Shall we battle? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Is that so? Very well then...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, I see...</line></script>
<script><line>If you are that captivated by the Ferris wheel, you and I must share similar interests.</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, but never mind that... As an Ace Trainer, I have no reason to lose.</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Ace Trainer Austin, who has a Swoobat. "... ...What?")</line></script>
<script><line>... ...I'll be frank.</line></script>
<script><line>I could never have dreamed I would lose to you...</line></script>
<script><line>Heh, well, you can't judge a book by its cover...</line></script>
<script><line>Now then...</line></script>
<script><line>As I promised earlier, shall we board the Ferris wheel?</line></script>
<script><line>Truthfully, this will be my first time experiencing one.</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ooof, this goes higher than I expected... Aieee, it's shaking more than I expected...</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, don't move! Do you want to make us fall?! I'm begging you, PLEASE don't move!!</line></script>
<script><line>Ah... I can't stand it... this is it for me. ...Can I... can I hold your hand?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>I myself didn't even know that I was so terrified of heights...</line></script>
<script><line>It was all your... well, maybe it was partially your fault... so you better be thankful!</line></script>
<script><line>However...</line></script>
<script><line>I want you to sincerely remember this deep in your heart.</line></script>
<script><line>In exchange, if you want to ride the Ferris wheel again at any cost, come do it with me.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll overcome my fear. That's what makes me a true ace...</line></script>

<script><line>Oh... it's you...</line></script>
<script><line>...Could you perhaps want to ride the Ferris wheel once more?</line></script>
<script><line>V-Very well... I know what you're thinking, but I shall overcome my fear today.</line></script>
<script><line>Fight with me, and if you win, I shall allow you to ride the Ferris wheel with me once again. So, will you? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Really! Ah, that's a shame!</line></script>
<script><line>I was thinking today would be a good chance to overcome my weakness... aha, haha...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, I see... Yes, a battle...?</line></script>
<script><line>Very well, so I must... Let us begin!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...S-So I must.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll overcome my fear and make the evolution to a true ace. It shall be a thing to remember!</line></script>
<script><line>And you'll be quite happy to be present! Aha! Hahaha...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ooof, this goes higher than I expected... Aieee, it's shaking more than I expected...</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, don't move! Do you want to make us fall?! I'm begging you, PLEASE don't move!!</line></script>
<script><line>Ah... I can't stand it... this is it for me. ...Can I... can I hold your hand?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Is it just my imagination, or did I see you grinning a little?</line></script>
<script><line>...Oh, whatever.</line></script>
<script><line>It may not be soon, but I'll overcome my fear someday. Because I am an ace!</line></script>
<script><line>Excuse me for today, but whenever you've thought REALLY hard on it, and absolutely super-duper HAVE to ride the Ferris wheel again... tell me.</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Waitress Aurora - Autumn ]]</line></script>
<script><line>It's gotten pretty chilly... I guess it'll be flat-out cold soon...</line></script>
<script><line>Huh? Could you possibly want to take a ride on this?</line></script>
<script><line>But this Ferris wheel only has seats for two...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Right, well.</line></script>
<script><line>Would you battle with me? So if you win, I'll ride together with you? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No [</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, really?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I should be around here for a while yet, so...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>You made your decision quick... Or perhaps you're just that confident?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I suppose I'll find out if we battle. Quickly, let's begin!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Waitress Aurora, who has a Swadloon. "Oww... so uncool...")</line></script>
<script><line>I'm not even close to a match... Though I had at least a LITTLE confidence in my Pokémon battling... You're certainly impressive...</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, as promised, shall we board the Ferris wheel?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ... Well, you went through the trouble, so should we chat?</line></script>
<script><line>...I know, right! ... ...Yeesh! And then... ... Like, really...</line></script>
<script><line>...Since I liked him... I was always... ... ...just a bunch of lies!...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Hoo! That was fun!! And talking with you helped me get a lot of things off my chest!</line></script>
<script><line>Fellow girls really ought to talk amongst each other!</line></script>
<script><line>I should be around here for a while yet!</line></script>
<script><line>So if you have the time later, please come by again!</line></script>

<script><line>Oh! It's you from before! You doing well?</line></script>
<script><line>If you have time, please, spend some of it with me!</line></script>
<script><line>Have a Pokémon battle? Ride the Ferris wheel? Have a chat? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huh? Oh... really...? Sorry, that WAS kinda unreasonable of me. Whenever you have the time, please come back again!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! You sure?! Thank you! Something about being with you just makes me feel great!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, first, let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Whew... I lost again!</line></script>
<script><line>Even your Pokémon are just too good for me to compete with.</line></script>
<script><line>They're so much slimmer and prettier than me... I sorta admire them, really!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's board the Ferris wheel already!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ... Well, you went through the trouble, so should we chat?</line></script>
<script><line>...I know, right! ... ...Yeesh! And then... ... Like, really...</line></script>
<script><line>...Since I liked him... I was always... ... ...just a bunch of lies!...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Aww, it's over already!</line></script>
<script><line>The time just seems to fly when I'm having fun with you!</line></script>
<script><line>I've not the type to have a whole lot of friends, so I really treasure a chance to discuss things like this!</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks for today! If you like, please come play with me again!</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Rich Boy Martin - Winter ]]</line></script>
<script><line>Hey... It's cold today...</line></script>
<script><line>Um, excuse me... Do you have some time?</line></script>
<script><line>I actually haven't gone outside in a long time...</line></script>
<script><line>I figured I'd come out all this way to get my Pokémon exercised...</line></script>
<script><line>And...</line></script>
<script><line>I kinda wanted to ride this Ferris wheel.</line></script>
<script><line>If it's okay with you, could you spend a little time with me? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Okay... Sorry... It was a weird thing to hope for...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huh... really, it's fine?</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you... You're a kind person.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, it's sudden, but could you help my Pokémon get some exercise?</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Rich Boy Martin, who has a Unfezant. "Hahhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahhh...")</line></script>
<script><line>Pant... wheeze...</line></script>
<script><line>It's been so long since I've gotten such a workout, so I'm getting a little tired...</line></script>
<script><line>But...</line></script>
<script><line>It was really fun!</line></script>
<script><line>My Pokémon got to stretch out, too, and it looks really happy!</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks for battling me!</line></script>
<script><line>...So...</line></script>
<script><line>Next up, the Ferris wheel?</line></script>
<script><line>I've... always sorta wanted to ride one of these.</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Wow, the town's getting smaller and smaller... It's so pretty... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Cough! ...Hack! Cough! Sorry... I'm getting a little chilly...</line></script>
<script><line>Huh...? Thank you... it's warm... You're such a... kind person...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you, Miss White...</line></script>
<script><line>And sorry for causing you such trouble...</line></script>
<script><line>...I just wasn't born with a very sturdy body.</line></script>
<script><line>As a result, I can't exactly go out whenever I please...</line></script>
<script><line>So I'm really glad I could play with you here today...</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you, Miss White. I'll be here when I'm feeling better, so I'd be overjoyed to play with you again...</line></script>

<script><line>Hey... Miss White... It's cold, but are you doing okay?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm feeling alright today, so I've come out once again...</line></script>
<script><line>If it's fine with you, Miss White, I'd be really glad if you could exercise my Pokémon and go on the Ferris wheel with me...</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, if you want... Would you spend some time with me? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>I see... You must be busy. If you have time, I'd be happy if you came back again...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you... I'm so glad...</line></script>
<script><line>So...</line></script>
<script><line>Could you help exercise my Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Pant... wheeze...</line></script>
<script><line>I still...</line></script>
<script><line>Can't strain myself too hard... but...</line></script>
<script><line>Getting some exercise...</line></script>
<script><line>Fighting with somebody... it's really fun...</line></script>
<script><line>My Pokémon seems really glad to meet you, too.</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you...</line></script>
<script><line>So...</line></script>
<script><line>Should we board the Ferris wheel now? Let's go... Miss White...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Wow, the town's getting smaller and smaller... It's so pretty... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Cough! ...Hack! Cough! Sorry... I'm getting a little chilly...</line></script>
<script><line>Huh...? Thank you... it's warm... You're such a... kind person...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Sorry... I've caused you such trouble once again.</line></script>
<script><line>... ...But...</line></script>
<script><line>I had fun with you, Miss White, so I'm not feeling so bad.</line></script>
<script><line>Not to mention...</line></script>
<script><line>Playing with you just makes me so happy...</line></script>
<script><line>So if you want, I'd be glad if you could spend some more time with me... I'm really thankful for today... See you, Miss White...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Nimbasa City intermission: male &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>[[ Lass Maya - Spring ]]</line></script>
<script><line>It sure is nice having all these refreshingly warm days...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! Hey, there! You there!</line></script>
<script><line>Do you have some time?</line></script>
<script><line>If it's okay with you, won't you... spend some time with me?</line></script>
<script><line>Um, I want you to battle me! Alright? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Okay... I know it was sudden to spring that on you, anyway... sorry for the weird request!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks! You've got a good attitude!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, I know it's sudden, but let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Lass Maya, who has a Gothita. "Huh, it's over already? I lost in the blink of an eye...")</line></script>
<script><line>Wow! Black, huh? Your Pokémon are sooo strong!</line></script>
<script><line>Since you're such a reliable Trainer, Black, there's one more thing I'd like to ask of you...</line></script>
<script><line>Um, let's take a ride on the Ferris wheel, you and me!</line></script>
<script><line>You can't turn down a girl's request! Alright! Okay! Let's ride!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Whoaaa... Oh man, it really IS high... Ah, I'm... I'm getting kinda scared...</line></script>
<script><line>Ooogh... I'm shaking... ... ... ...It's SO high, I'm SO scared... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh no... I can't take any more... Come... be beside me... okay?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>...U-Um, thank you!</line></script>
<script><line>I always kinda wanted to ride this Ferris wheel, but you need two people...</line></script>
<script><line>I figured if I went riding with a friend or something and freaked out, I'd get so embarrassed...</line></script>
<script><line>Not that doing it with you stopped me anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sorry! I shouldn't have even tried!</line></script>
<script><line>I guess I really am just hopeless when it comes to heights...</line></script>
<script><line>But...</line></script>
<script><line>Um... it was kinda fun... If you want, let's ride together again!</line></script>

<script><line>Oh! Black! You doing good? Hey! If you want, would you spend some time with me?</line></script>
<script><line>Let's have a Pokémon battle together, then go for a ride on the Ferris wheel!</line></script>
<script><line>Something tells me I won't get scared this time around! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, okay... That's so... kinda disappointing...</line></script>
<script><line>But I'm sure you must be busy, Black...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Teehee, I'm so happy! Thanks, Black!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, I know it's sudden, but let's have a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Black, your Pokémon really are strong...! No matter how hard I tried, I don't think I could ever beat you!</line></script>
<script><line>Enough Pokémon battles! ...So let's get on the Ferris wheel already!</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Aw, don't give me that look! I'll be fine! Really! I've got it this time!</line></script>
<script><line>At least, I should!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Whoaaa... Oh man, it really IS high... Ah, I'm... I'm getting kinda scared...</line></script>
<script><line>Ooogh... I'm shaking... ... ... ...It's SO high, I'm SO scared... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh no... I can't take any more... Come... be beside me... okay?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ooogh... it was still scary...</line></script>
<script><line>But somehow...</line></script>
<script><line>Even though I was scared, since I was with you, Black...</line></script>
<script><line>Having you to look ahead at what frightened me, I kinda managed to enjoy it...</line></script>
<script><line>Teehee...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, if you have time for it, come by again, Black!</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Hiker Andy - Summer ]]</line></script>
<script><line>Whew! You there, boy! How 'bout this humidity, day after day!</line></script>
<script><line>Can't help but make the best of a summer like this! Eh?</line></script>
<script><line>So hey! How 'bout you take a ride on the Ferris wheel with me!</line></script>
<script><line>For free, of course! All I ask is you go up against my best Pokémon, boy! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Aah! Shame, shame, boy!</line></script>
<script><line>A young bud like you oughta enjoy a sweltering summer season!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Really now! Boy! You've got promise, I tell you what!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, instead of a greeting, let's go headfirst into battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Hiker Andy, who has a Boldore. "Oho! Boy, boy! Your Pokémon are ripped!")</line></script>
<script><line>Whew, great! Boy! You and your Pokémon are splendid! Wonderful! Can't get enough of 'em!</line></script>
<script><line>So, now...</line></script>
<script><line>We've warmed up both our bodies and souls, so... let's head into the Ferris wheel!</line></script>
<script><line>Come along, boy!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ho ho... sure is humid... like a sauna, boy, I tell you what!</line></script>
<script><line>Ahhh, it's so hot... you're really sweatin', boy...</line></script>
<script><line>By the way... boy... you ever had a lover?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Man, that thing was way more hot and humid than I was expecting!</line></script>
<script><line>But I think gotten to know you a little better, boy! Y'know?!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm planning on loitering around and about for a while longer!</line></script>
<script><line>Whenever you feel like improving your understanding, don't be shy, come by and holler! Right! Okay, see you again, boy!</line></script>

<script><line>Hey, you came, boy! Summertime doesn't last! Enjoying it?</line></script>
<script><line>If you're not enjoying quite enough, how 'bout you and I make a summer memory on the Ferris wheel! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>What! I say what, boy! Kind of a downer, you are!</line></script>
<script><line>How could you forget the time we spent together? Eh?</line></script>
<script><line>Our summer together doesn't have to wait 'til next year! Y'know? I'll stick around, so I hope you change your mind!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Really! Oh, really! Boy! I think we're gonna make some big progress in our relationship here!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, first, in place of a greeting, let's charge into a Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Boy, your Pokémon sure are sturdy! They're fine, they are!</line></script>
<script><line>I believe there'll be a lot of growth and possibilities ahead of you, boy!</line></script>
<script><line>Well then, better get on with it...</line></script>
<script><line>Time for today's main dish! We're heading into the Ferris wheel!</line></script>
<script><line>Let's roll, boy! Come on!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ho ho... sure is humid... like a sauna, boy, I tell you what!</line></script>
<script><line>Ahhh, it's so hot... you're really sweatin', boy...</line></script>
<script><line>By the way... boy... you ever had a lover?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Our shirts are soaked with sweat, but it tells the story of the time we passed, boy!</line></script>
<script><line>And with this, we've developed a deeper understanding!</line></script>
<script><line>Our summer vacation together will never end!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, see you again, boy!</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Secretary Trisha - Autumn ]]</line></script>
<script><line>It's autumn already... Summer went by so fast...</line></script>
<script><line>Ah... Hey, you there... Do you have time at the moment?</line></script>
<script><line>See this Ferris wheel here? The cars seat two, but I'm all alone at the moment. So I want to ride, but I can't.</line></script>
<script><line>Thus...</line></script>
<script><line>If you don't mind, I'd like to ask you something.</line></script>
<script><line>Would you ride on the Ferris wheel with a lady like myself...?</line></script>
<script><line>I can't give you much in return, but if you'll get along with me, how about a Pokémon battle? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>I see... Forget it, then... Sorry for bringing that up so suddenly...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Heehee, thanks... You're young, but you're so kind.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's get Pokémon battling! This lady will do her best!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle with Secretary Trisha, who has a Minccino. "Heehee... You're strong...")</line></script>
<script><line>Aww, I lost?! I tried hard, I swear!</line></script>
<script><line>Heehee, thanks anyway! There was something... really fun about it.</line></script>
<script><line>Well... Should we get on the Ferris wheel?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>What a fantastic view... ... ... ... ... But... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Sniff... Sniffle... ... ... ... ...Sorry. ...Can I stay by you?</line></script>
<script><line>Until we get off is fine... ... So, stay there... please... ...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Sorry.</line></script>
<script><line>When I gazed upon the landscape from the Ferris wheel, I remembered so many things...</line></script>
<script><line>But it's alright now...</line></script>
<script><line>Yeah...</line></script>
<script><line>I still haven't asked your name, have I?</line></script>
<script><line>Well? Do you want to tell me?</line></script>
<script><line>...Hm, Black, is it...</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be here a little longer, so I'd be glad if you came by to ride the Ferris wheel again.</line></script>

<script><line>Ah... it's you...</line></script>
<script><line>Um... Are you doing well...?</line></script>
<script><line>Um, er...</line></script>
<script><line>I won't mind if you aren't able to, but would you spend some more time with me?</line></script>
<script><line>The two of us...</line></script>
<script><line>Having a Pokémon battle... then riding the Ferris wheel... it makes me happy, so, uh... [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ahaha... um, okay...</line></script>
<script><line>You do seem pretty busy... Sorry, I shouldn't have asked. Bye...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>I'm so glad... thanks...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, so long as I'm being selfish, grant me one more thing.</line></script>
<script><line>Just this once, don't mind me... if I call you by your name...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Well.</line></script>
<script><line>Black! Let us battle Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Whew... That was fun...</line></script>
<script><line>You're really good at Pokémon, Black.</line></script>
<script><line>Battling me isn't even really satisfying, is it?</line></script>
<script><line>But, letting me be your opponent anyway...</line></script>
<script><line>You're so kind... I... misjudged you...</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>...Sorry.</line></script>
<script><line>Shouldn't we get on the Ferris wheel already? Hey! Go time! Black!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>What a fantastic view... ... ... ... ... But... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Sniff... Sniffle... ... ... ... ...Sorry. ...Can I stay by you?</line></script>
<script><line>Until we get off is fine... ... So, stay there... please... ...</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>You've spoiled me again, Black...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm just this pitiful, middle-aged lady...</line></script>
<script><line>But you're Black...</line></script>
<script><line>No, it's alright... It's nothing...</line></script>
<script><line>Black! Thanks! I really had fun today!</line></script>
<script><line>I'd like to spend some time with you again!</line></script>
<script><line>Bye, Black!</line></script>


<script><line>[[ Kindergartener Winter - Winter ]]</line></script>
<script><line>Aww... it's cold, but at least it's nice when it's snowing...</line></script>
<script><line>Uh? What is it, big bro? You wanna ride?</line></script>
<script><line>Hmmmmm...</line></script>
<script><line>But big bro, you can't ride if you're all alone!</line></script>
<script><line>Riding this Ferris wheel on your own is nooooo good.</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Oh!</line></script>
<script><line>I just gots a great idea!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be alone 'til daddy comes back...</line></script>
<script><line>So you wanna play Pokémon wit' me?</line></script>
<script><line>If you play wit' me, I'll ride on the Ferris wheel wit' you, big bro! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huhhh?! Aww, you're no fun! You're a big dumb party pooper, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Huh?! You WILL play! Eheh! I'm so happy!</line></script>
<script><line>Then let's play Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Battle wit' Kindergartener Winter, who has a Solosis. "Yays! Hooray! Awesome! Big bro's so strooong!!")</line></script>
<script><line>That was fun! Thankies!</line></script>
<script><line>I could just tell you were strong 'cause of how big you were, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>But my daddy's Pokémon are reeeal strong too!</line></script>
<script><line>He's been busy at work lately, so he can't play wit' me much, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Today I got to play wit' big bro! Yaaay!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, big bro, now let's get on the Ferris wheel together!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Yay, yaaay! It's going rooound and rooound! Wheeeeee! We're getting so high up!</line></script>
<script><line>Whoooa! So high! It's SO high up! Ehehe! This is fun, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, hey, big bro! Can I sit on your lap?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ahhh! That was fun! You had fun too, right, big bro?</line></script>
<script><line>It's been forever since I had that much fun! Even when daddy does come home, it's only to sleep... I can't go anywhere wit' him!</line></script>
<script><line>But I'll be sure to play lots here 'til daddy comes back! Let's play again, big bro!</line></script>

<script><line>Big bro Black!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, hey, I've got lotsa time! You too, big bro? Then play wit' me!</line></script>
<script><line>Let's play Pokémons! And ride the Ferris wheel! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Booo...</line></script>
<script><line>You're busy too, big bro? Adults are all so busy... So boring...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Eheh! Yay! Thankies, big bro Black!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay... so...</line></script>
<script><line>First things first! Let's play Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Same as the first battle.)</line></script>
<script><line>Eheh! That was fun!</line></script>
<script><line>You're so strong, big bro Black! Maybe even better at Pokémon than daddy!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, next things next! Ferris wheel! Ferris wheeeeel! Hurry, let's hurry!</line></script>
<script><line>(They get on.)</line></script>
<script><line>Yay, yaaay! It's going rooound and rooound! Wheeeeee! We're getting so high up!</line></script>
<script><line>Whoooa! So high! It's SO high up! Ehehe! This is fun, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, hey, big bro! Can I sit on your lap?</line></script>
<script><line>(They get off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Eheh! I had a lot of fun!</line></script>
<script><line>Right? Right? I know you had fun too, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks for playing wit' me! I love you, big bro!</line></script>
<script><line>...I dunno about daddy lately, though.</line></script>
<script><line>Even when daddy's not there wit' me, I know it's 'cause he's working hard!</line></script>
<script><line>But still...</line></script>
<script><line>I don't like that he can't play wit' me! I wish he'd play more!</line></script>
<script><line>Big bro, make sure you come by and play again! See you! Bye-bye!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: How 'bout it? Surprised, aren'tcha?!</line></script>
<script><line>As you can see, this gym is built around a rollercoaster!!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, first off, let me give you this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>The first thing to do in this rollercoaster gym is to get on the car!</line></script>
<script><line>Then get off at the platforms... onto the footholds! There, switch the paths.</line></script>
<script><line>Sometimes you can even ride onward in the cars of defeated foes!</line></script>
<script><line>Do this to make your way to where the gym leader awaits!</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, electric-type Pokémon are weak to ground-type attacks...</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: ...You aren't too dizzy from the speed, are you?</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, now I'll make you dizzy with my lovely Pokémon, but...</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Elesa challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>You and your Pokémon... they're shining gorgeously!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Well, things have to look bad before there can be a dramatic victory!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>I was planning on dizzying you, but you've dazzled me instead!</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: Marvelous... I'm enchanted by your fighting style!</line></script>
<script><line>I feel to the deepest level that you are a great Trainer... Take this...!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Bolt Badge from Elesa!]</line></script>
<script><line>With four badges, including the Bolt Badge, Pokémon up to Level 50 will follow you.</line></script>
<script><line>In addition to that, this is my favorite technique... If you like, you can use it too.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM72 "Volt Switch"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM72 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>That is Volt Switch...</line></script>
<script><line>After it attacks the foe, you can switch to another Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, if there aren't any Pokémon to switch to, you'll just stay there...</line></script>
<script><line>So... are you going to Driftveil City next?</line></script>
<script><line>After all, there is a Pokémon gym there.</line></script>
<script><line>Ah...</line></script>
<script><line>But of course, you can't.</line></script>
<script><line>Right... I'll help you get through. I'll be waiting on Route 5.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Stepping onto Route 5 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Halt, White!</line></script>
<script><line>We've both got the Bolt Badge, so I want to see which of us is stronger! Well, let's have at it!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>I see! So you would choose that move...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...! Strong as ever!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Why? Why can't I win against you?</line></script>
<script><line>(Elesa walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: So you two are friends, then...</line></script>
<script><line>How nice... That way, you can boost each other up when needed.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, let's go.</line></script>
<script><line>(They walk past Alder and he notices them.)</line></script>
<script><line>???: Oh! If it isn't Elesa!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Festivals are great! Gotta have some fun with life!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...And this is?</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: He's Alder, the Champion of the Unova region.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: He's the Champion?!</line></script>
<script><line>And why is the Champion frolicking in a place like this?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Man, I heard that! You're a harsh lad, ain't ya?</line></script>
<script><line>Hey there. My name's Alder.</line></script>
<script><line>Champion of the Unova Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>And for your information, I'm not "frolicking," I'm questing! Questing through every nook and cranny of Unova!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I come from Nuvema Town, myself. Call me Cheren.</line></script>
<script><line>As a Trainer, it's my goal to become Champion, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Hm! Adventuring with a goal's a right admirable thing.</line></script>
<script><line>So what do you plan to do once you're Champion, kiddo?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Is there anything to it beyond seeking power?</line></script>
<script><line>The Champion is the strongest Trainer... and that's about it, right?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Hmm, getting stronger... stronger, huh...? Wonder if that's really such a good goal to have?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I won't be one to shoot down your ideas, of course.</line></script>
<script><line>Different strokes for different folks, so I let people live with Pokémon how they see fit.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm always putting that first in my thoughts.</line></script>
<script><line>But maybe if you tried playing with the kids here, you'd understand a lil' better.</line></script>
<script><line>Would you have a Pokémon battle with these two kids?</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, you! C'mere for a sec.</line></script>
<script><line>(Two kindergarteners walk up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I understand.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, first...</line></script>
<script><line>[Cheren recovered White's Pokémon!]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Now, let's go!</line></script>

<script><line>Kindergartener Yumi and Kindergartener Tomoya challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>My Pokémon were sooooo cute!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon listen to me and fight for me!</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: Oh, you scamps! You didn't win, but it was still a great battle! Your Pokémon sure look happy, too!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, lad.</line></script>
<script><line>There's guys like you who seek strength...</line></script>
<script><line>And there are guys like these who are satisfied just being with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>All kinds, I tell you. And all kinds of answers, too.</line></script>
<script><line>We seem to have different ideas of what it means to be Champion, but keep thinking yours anyway!</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: ...Well, let's go. The drawbridge to Driftveil is just ahead.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Being the Champion is all about strength! That's the only answer there can be...!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Over here.</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: Okay, I'll get in contact.</line></script>
<script><line>(Phooooone. Phooooone.)</line></script>
<script><line>It's me. Lower the drawbridge.</line></script>
<script><line>There's Trainers here who want to challenge you.</line></script>
<script><line>Yeah. Thanks.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, watch!</line></script>
<script><line>(OH MY GOD THAT DRAWBRIDGE IS INCREDIBLE)</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: I've got a TV stint, so I'll be heading back now.</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader in the next town's a bit of an old-timer, but just do your best.</line></script>
<script><line>(Elesa leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I'm a Trainer.</line></script>
<script><line>Getting stronger and winning is how I can prove I'm right. Even to the Champion.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; After crossing the drawbridge &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>???: Hmph! You the Trainers Elesa was talkin' about?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm Clay, gym leader of this here town!</line></script>
<script><line>Guess I gotta welcome ya.</line></script>
<script><line>Any rate, thanks ta lowerin' the bridge, some Team Plasma grunts we'd caught fled into town!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...What a pain.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm thankful you let the bridge down for us... er, but that's unrelated, isn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: No way, son.</line></script>
<script><line>It was important that ya came here... sure, it meant lettin' Team Plasma into town, but so be it.</line></script>
<script><line>I was just thinkin' this to myself, but y'oughta search out Team Plasma too. Yer some real go-getter Trainers, ain't ya?</line></script>
<script><line>(He starts to leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Right...</line></script>
<script><line>Once ya find Team Plasma, come challenge me at the gym! Life's a give and take!</line></script>
<script><line>(He leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Understood.</line></script>
<script><line>He didn't have to tell us so, but we'll search for Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>They're a tedious lot to beat again and again, but at least it makes us stronger, I suppose...</line></script>
<script><line>White! I'll go on ahead.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Down in the freezer storage area south of town &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White...</line></script>
<script><line>You don't think Team Plasma could be in there, do you...?</line></script>
<script><line>...I hate cold places, but I suppose we'll have to check. What a pain...</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...White, would you hurry up and look inside?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Even so...</line></script>
<script><line>Is there really something more important to being a Trainer than strength, like the Champion said?</line></script>
<script><line>...No matter how much I think on it, I don't understand it.</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, it's troublesome, but let's investigate further in.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of an open crate &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...?</line></script>
<script><line>White, is someone inside? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Well... then should we go?</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>But isn't that the only place we haven't explored in this freezer?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Well? Aren't you going to investigate?</line></script>

<script><line>Zinzolin: You pansies...</line></script>
<script><line>Bundle me up all you want, I don't care about the cold...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Yeesh, they were really hidden deep.</line></script>
<script><line>It's such a bother to do this in the cold... could we lead them outside or something?</line></script>
<script><line>Zinzolin: We're holding onto Pokémon that are friends of the king.</line></script>
<script><line>You won't bring harm to them here!</line></script>
<script><line>You, give those brats a beating!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Understood, Sage!</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, we're your opponents!</line></script>
<script><line>(The eight of them spread out. How convenient.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: White! Let's split up to take care of these guys!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: I can still be pretty strong in the cold!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>What's taken will be returned... Got it? And don't forget it...!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...I'm shivering too much to win in a place this freezing...</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: I'm tough whether I'm in the cold or not!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>So what did you think?! ...I'm such a sore loser.</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...Yawn... why am I feeling kinda sleepy?</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: I can be reeeeeal powerful in the cold!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>You're such a figurative thorn in our magnificent plan's metaphorical side!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...We were getting things together to transport some stolen Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>We were assembled in front of the freezer in the dead of night...</line></script>
<script><line>And that old-timer Clay saw and caught us...</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: I can be sorta good in the cold!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Long live the Plasma!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...Pokémon that work with humans might look happy, but they're suffering, count on it! No doubt about it!</line></script>

<script><line>(After beating all four grunts on your side, Clay and some workers walk in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: Whoa there!</line></script>
<script><line>So you were hidin' out in this freezin' place, eh?</line></script>
<script><line>Take these Pokémon thieves away, boys!</line></script>
<script><line>Worker: Roger!!</line></script>
<script><line>(The workers carry the grunts out. "Here, now!" "Eeeek!" "Hweeeh!")</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: Not bad, you two.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, a promise's a promise! C'mon and challenge me at my gym!</line></script>
<script><line>(Clay leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Whew... Team Plasma's logic, I tell you...</line></script>
<script><line>They want to separate people from Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Is that really any different from just removing Pokémon from the world entirely...? What an annoying bunch.</line></script>
<script><line>White... It's cold. Let's get outside.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Ghetsis: Hello, Mr. Clay.</line></script>
<script><line>I am Ghetsis of Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>I see you've taken care of some of my own.</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: Oh, no need ta thank me.</line></script>
<script><line>Yer members were stealin' Pokémon, after all.</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Oh? I think there's been a misunderstanding.</line></script>
<script><line>We are merely freeing Pokémon from evil people.</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: You really goin' with that?</line></script>
<script><line>Honestly, I ain't too good with words...</line></script>
<script><line>And on the other hand, you're pretty fancy with 'em... but they reek of a liar.</line></script>
<script><line>So what d'ya mean ta say?</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Team Plasma has an interest in Driftveil City.</line></script>
<script><line>There are many people who are only to be found here...</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: ...Not sure if that's a lie or truth, but...</line></script>
<script><line>It's always best ta come to a victory without havin' to fight it.</line></script>
<script><line>Hmph! Awright. Take 'em back, fine!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Just as I expected from the one they call King of the Hills...</line></script>
<script><line>A magnificent decision-maker, indeed.</line></script>
<script><line>Now... Allow me to speak with that Sage there...</line></script>
<script><line>Zinzolin: Lord Ghetsis... Thank you so very much...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Oh, it's fine.</line></script>
<script><line>We're working for the king together... Are we not both Sages?</line></script>
<script><line>Well then, everyone. Whatever day we might meet again...</line></script>
<script><line>(Team Plasma disappears with a fadeout.)</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: You found them rotten Team Plasma guys and all, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, gotta pull myself together. Let's get ta our Pokémon battle! Don't make me wait, now!</line></script>
<script><line>(Clay goes inside.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Are both of them looking to prevent quarrel in the town?</line></script>
<script><line>Either way, I don't feel that Ghetsis fellow to be any ordinary person.</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, I'll be training my Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>I don't want to lose to Clay one bit!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll take the gym badge after a flawless victory!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: As soon as you come to town, this and that goes haywire...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, first off, take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader Clay uses ground-type Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>And just between us, ground-type Pokémon are weak to water-types.</line></script>
<script><line>...So I wonder why Clay lives so near water?</line></script>

<script><line>Clay: Well now...</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader Elesa took a likin' to you, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Guess I ought to take a looksee at skill of that caliber!</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Clay challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Ho now! That's how it'll be, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's fine by me if ya wanna give up anytime, y'know!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I give up... And keep in mind I wasn't goin' easy on ya!</line></script>

<script><line>Clay: So I see! And am I ever pleased!</line></script>
<script><line>After all my years of battlin', I knew there had ta be somebody with talent like yours.</line></script>
<script><line>Heh! Go on, take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Quake Badge from Clay!]</line></script>
<script><line>Five badges, eh?</line></script>
<script><line>In that case, Pokémon up ta Level 60'll obey you.</line></script>
<script><line>Next up, take this TM!</line></script>
<script><line>...Or so I'd say if I didn't have a lil' somethin' to attend to.</line></script>
<script><line>Come up to the cave at the end of Route 6! I'll be waitin"!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Going to Route 6 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy! White!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Um, did you maybe go to the gym?</line></script>
<script><line>Whoooooa! That's the Driftveil gym badge! Niceness! That's so awesome!!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, no, no! I'm just admiring!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm a Trainer too, you know! And at times like this, we battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>That's all you got? Ha, I'll be fine! ...Totally. Maybe. I think.</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Uhhh, this is looking... pretty bad for me, actually...!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Whew! I'm beat. I mean, beaten...</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: It's been a while since I had a Pokémon battle with you, White, but you've gotten REALLY strong!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm still not that strong, so I can't put it into words all that well, but...</line></script>
<script><line>I think you really understand the feelings of your Pokémon, White!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh yeah! You should have this HM, too!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained HM02 "Fly"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put HM02 into the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Dad gave me that after... you know!</line></script>
<script><line>So I'll always be able to come back right away and whenever! Or so he said, anyway...</line></script>
<script><line>Oh yeah, I guess I'll have to give it to Cheren too...</line></script>
<script><line>See you, White! Bye-bye!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Checking the web over the Route 6 cave &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Clay: Kept me waiting!</line></script>
<script><line>(Clay walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>This is a nest for an electric Pokémon called Galvantula.</line></script>
<script><line>Why they made a nest 'round these parts, I haven't a clue...</line></script>
<script><line>But people are worried about it, so as a gym leader, I've gotta do something!</line></script>
<script><line>Go! Krokorok!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Krokorok comes out and charges the web, making it turn to dust or something.)</line></script>
<script><line>See that?! Now take this TM!</line></script>
<script><line>It's my pride and joy!</line></script>
<script><line>Teach it ta ALL yer Pokémon if ya like!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM78 "Bulldoze"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM78 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>That's Bulldoze... an attack that'll hit a foe and lower its speed.</line></script>
<script><line>Some ground-types are kinda lackin' in speed, after all.</line></script>
<script><line>So if ya use Bulldoze, ya can cover for that weakness.</line></script>
<script><line>I still ain't sure just how able ya are, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Think ya wanna go somewhere, and ya can go anywhere.</line></script>
<script><line>Think ya wanna do somethin', and ya can, anytime.</line></script>
<script><line>And it's alright to do what ya like, y'know?</line></script>
<script><line>The only limit... is yerself!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the cave &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(TELEAMBUSH BY TWO CREEPY WHITE-HAIRED PEOPLE)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Come.</line></script>
<script><line>(The two walk you over to N.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Go with Lord N.</line></script>
<script><line>(The two vanish into thin air.)</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...Thank you.</line></script>
<script><line>Those men you just saw were two of the Shadow Triad.</line></script>
<script><line>They're members of Team Plasma assembled by Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, it appears it was they who set up the Galvantula nest at the entrance to this cave.</line></script>
<script><line>N: Chargestone Cave... This is a nice place.</line></script>
<script><line>Electrical equations are put in practice, and it has connections to Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>...Were it not for the human visitors, it would be an ideal locale for me.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, you have been chosen... Do you find this surprising? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, I see. You do look surprised.</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>...Hmph.</line></script>
<script><line>I suppose without telling you the reason, you couldn't be surprised, could you?</line></script>
<script><line>I have spoken of you all to Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>And through the Shadow Triad, we have investigated you.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren is searching out an ideal he calls strength...</line></script>
<script><line>And Bianca believes in a truth, the truth that no one has reason to grow stronger.</line></script>
<script><line>You have not settled upon either. A neutral entity, so to speak... And that would seem to be a positive quality.</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma members await you ahead.</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis will test how much of a Pokémon Trainer you truly are.</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hey, White, did you know?</line></script>
<script><line>These floating rocks move when you push them.</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't that right, Professor!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper walks in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Hiiiii there! You doing well, White?!</line></script>
<script><line>As ever, this place seems filled to the brim with that electricity Pokémon love!</line></script>
<script><line>And there are these stones, floating by means of electricity repelling against itself</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, not all stones can be pushed.</line></script>
<script><line>As for why I'm here, my father asked me to look into a gear-like Pokémon called Klink.</line></script>
<script><line>I look into the origin of Pokémon, the era when they were born... though working the behest of others is a bit annoying...</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, though, I enjoy investigating what I'm interested in!</line></script>
<script><line>Ah, right! White, take this with you!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Lucky Egg!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Lucky Egg into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: If a Pokémon holds that Lucky Egg...</line></script>
<script><line>The experience it gains from battle will be slightly increased!</line></script>
<script><line>And toughening up your Pokémon is an easy way to fill the Pokédex's pages!</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: White! Are you filling up your Pokédex?</line></script>
<script><line>Meet more Pokémon, fill more pages!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Me? I'm serving as the Professor's bodyguard!</line></script>
<script><line>Not like she really needs one or anything... But you gotta protect what's important to you!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the middle of caving &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hiiiii there! Find anything?</line></script>
<script><line>I wonder if I'll be able to collect a lot of data over here?</line></script>
<script><line>This cave has been here since long, long ago, yet...</line></script>
<script><line>I haven't found even a scrap of data proving Klink even existed prior to 100 years ago.</line></script>
<script><line>Yes!</line></script>
<script><line>Klink abruptly originated 100 years ago... That must be it!</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon... where'd they come from? And where are they headed...?</line></script>
<script><line>If we could know those things, we could get along so much better. That is what I believe!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, White! Pokémon really are wondrous, aren't they?!</line></script>
<script><line>Why would these amazing little guys want to be with me, I wonder...?</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: I'm gonna catch some Pokémon here, too! The journey's all about who you meet on the way!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; A little further than that &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(The whole Shadow Triad teleports in this time.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Come.</line></script>
<script><line>(They walk you over a bridge to a floating rock.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...There are stairs leading down ahead.</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma is waiting for you there.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the end of the cave &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: The world turns gray with the mingling of a great many thoughts... I can't allow it to happen.</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon and humans should be cleanly split. As clearly separate as black and white.</line></script>
<script><line>And it is then that Pokémon can be perfect.</line></script>
<script><line>Yes! That is my dream! A dream I seek to make reality!</line></script>
<script><line>White! Do you share my dream? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>So you too have such a dream... That's magnificent.</line></script>
<script><line>...But what is the extent of your dream? Let me see through battle!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>...Can those who cannot dream hope to understand me?!</line></script>
<script><line>Grr... you... have you no heart?!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Member N challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Do you believe we come to mutual understanding through Pokémon battles?</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>I overflow with a love for my friends from my ancestors! Let me show it to you!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>My friends are wounded... This is what a Pokémon battle does!</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...Why?</line></script>
<script><line>Why is it that though I agonize over being a Trainer, no matter how much I fight, I can't win...?</line></script>
<script><line>Ugh! Is this how I am to pursue my ideals?!</line></script>
<script><line>The legendary Pokémon... will it befriend me...?!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: White!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Mistralton City is just ahead!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: ...Good ears, Bianca.</line></script>
<script><line>I can't believe you heard White from so far away!</line></script>
<script><line>So, White, who's that Trainer there...?</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...Juniper?</line></script>
<script><line>People without doubts on the relation between Trainers and Pokémon classify Pokémon by arbitrary rules, as you know...</line></script>
<script><line>I can't very well approve of your "Pokédex"... but what exactly are your thoughts on it?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Oh...? You sound quite opposed to it.</line></script>
<script><line>But, hey, your opinion is just one way of looking at things.</line></script>
<script><line>And my own wishes, too, are just one of the ways.</line></script>
<script><line>How to get along with Pokémon... that's for everyone to decide for themselves, isn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...So it's people with mistaken beliefs who torture Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>I can't simply ignore such an idiotic world as that!</line></script>
<script><line>(N leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: ...Well, I wasn't exactly expecting him to get it right away...</line></script>
<script><line>It's alright for him to learn bit by bit, so I hope he comes to understand how we all feel.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... I suppose I'll collect a bit more data here, hm?</line></script>
<script><line>For us to better get along with Pokémon, we need to know more about them!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Uhh, White!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm serving as a bodyguard for Professor Juniper right now, so I'll be sticking with the Professor!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Walking into Mistralton City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Oh! It's you! You must be White!!</line></script>
<script><line>Can I take a quick look at your Pokédex?</line></script>
<script><line>...Hm, yes...</line></script>
<script><line>So you've found __ Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! And you've found Klink?! You're quite the Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>Oops, I'm sorry! I got a little overexcited there.</line></script>
<script><line>My name is... ALSO Juniper.</line></script>
<script><line>That's right! My daughter is the one who made your Pokédex!</line></script>
<script><line>She's told me all sorts of things about you.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm just overjoyed I could meet you here!</line></script>
<script><line>So in commemoration of our meeting, let me upgrade your Pokédex! Okay?</line></script>
<script><line>[White's Pokédex was upgraded!]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: There are some Pokémon that are of the same species, but have different forms.</line></script>
<script><line>With this upgrade, you can now keep track of which forms you've seen!</line></script>
<script><line>Plus, I've added some additional functions to make it easier to search for Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(A girl walks over.)</line></script>
<script><line>???: Professor Juniper, who's this Trainer?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Oh! ...Oh! Sorry, I'm sorry.</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla, this is White, an acquaintance of my daughter!</line></script>
<script><line>White's journeying through Unova, aiming to complete the Pokédex.</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla: I see! Then you'll probably challenge the gym here, right? Wow! I'm really looking forward to it!!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Yeah, White! It'd be great if you challenged her!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure you'll just soar right through the gym here!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, Skyla, if anything comes up again, I'm counting on you!</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla: ...Professor, my plane's a cargo plane!</line></script>
<script><line>It carries luggage, not people.</line></script>
<script><line>...Not to mention places like Kanto and Sinnoh aren't easy destinations!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Hey, now, don't be so harsh while you're making such a cute face...</line></script>
<script><line>Humans need to help each other, just like we do with Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, you two, hope we meet again!</line></script>
<script><line>(Mr. Juniper leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla: ...Why!</line></script>
<script><line>So irresponsible for a world-renowned Pokémon professor! I still don't believe it.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, White!</line></script>
<script><line>As the gym leader, I'd be very glad if you were to challenge my gym.</line></script>
<script><line>But first, there's something I need to do.</line></script>
<script><line>Earlier, when I was flying my cargo plane...</line></script>
<script><line>I saw something atop the Celestial Tower.</line></script>
<script><line>It was a weakened Pokémon, I'm sure of it!</line></script>
<script><line>I can't very well ignore it, now can I? So I'm going ahead and investigating!</line></script>
<script><line>That said, I'm going to the Celestial Tower on Route 7... And if you want, you can come too.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the top of the Celestial Tower &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: You came! Thank you.</line></script>
<script><line>What I saw earlier was indeed a wounded Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>But it's alright now!</line></script>
<script><line>I gave it a Max Revive, then it got better and flew away!</line></script>
<script><line>Teehee! Great view, isn't it?!</line></script>
<script><line>A pilot needs eyes that can see things from miles away!</line></script>
<script><line>Right! Since you came all this way, how about you ring that bell?</line></script>
<script><line>The Celestial Tower's bell calms the spirits of the Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>And its tone is affected by the heart of the one who rings it...</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: Don't be shy, give it a try!</line></script>

<script><line>It's the Celestial Tower's bell... Ring the bell? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>White rang the bell...</line></script>
<script><line>The sound of the bell echoed out all around...</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla: What a nice sound...</line></script>
<script><line>White, you're a kind and powerful person... That's what this sound tells me...</line></script>
<script><line>So allow me to reintroduce myself!</line></script>
<script><line>I am Skyla, gym leader of Mistralton Pokémon Gym. I use flying-type Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>As soon as you're ready, please do come to my gym! I'll be ready to give you a warm welcome!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Here, take this Fresh Water!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Just between the two of us...</line></script>
<script><line>Rock, electric, ice... flying-types have quite a few weaknesses, surprisingly!</line></script>
<script><line>So as ever, use Pokémon and attacks of those types and victory is before you! And such.</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, you'll have to get inside cannons to proceed in this gym.</line></script>
<script><line>You can step into the cannons from any side - top, bottom, right, or left!</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: Teehee! I've been waiting for you.</line></script>
<script><line>Did you have fun with my pride and joy, the cannons of Mistralton Gym?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, next up, you can do something even more fun with me!</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Skyla challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Just what kind of Trainer are you, I wonder? I'm getting pretty excited over here!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's my last Pokémon... which means I can't give up here!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>I feel stronger just battling with you... thanks!</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: You're an amazing Pokémon Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>Me and my Pokémon are both happy to have had our first real challenge in a long time.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm happy to present you this official League-approved gym badge! It suits you!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Jet Badge from Skyla!]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, you're just so amazing!</line></script>
<script><line>And with just that gym badge, Pokémon up to Level 70 will listen to you.</line></script>
<script><line>Also, seriously, I'm REALLY happy! So I want you to take this TM as thanks for our battle!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM62 "Acrobatics"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM62 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>If you use that attack I gave you, Acrobatics, and the Pokémon isn't holding any items, it'll double your power! It's kind of a strategic attack.</line></script>
<script><line>...As in, you can use it to cover for your demerit of not holding any items!</line></script>
<script><line>...Right, so. If you cross Twist Mountain to Icirrus City...</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma, was it? Well, they seem to be headed toward there... What kind of people are they, anyway?</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...To understand each other, Trainers struggle through battle, and wound Pokémon in the process.</line></script>
<script><line>Am I the only one? The only one who sees how very painful it is?</line></script>
<script><line>Regardless... I have spoken to your Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>...Since the day I was born, I have been brought up with Pokémon. It's more comfortable to me than talking with people.</line></script>
<script><line>So I know Pokémon cannot ever lie.</line></script>
<script><line>Unfezant... &lt;or whatever Pokémon is in your first spot&gt;</line></script>
<script><line>Would you tell me what kind of Trainer White is?</line></script>
<script><line>...I see. So you were born and raised in Nuvema Town, together with your mother...</line></script>
<script><line>Taking the opportunity presented to you by the Pokédex, you are out on a journey to see the world... hm.</line></script>
<script><line>Even so, for whatever reason, this Unfezant seems to believe in you... How splendid...!</line></script>
<script><line>If only all people could get along with Pokémon as you all do...</line></script>
<script><line>Yet the fate of Pokémon and humans is left in the hands of those who only use Pokémon for themselves...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis is having Team Plasma search for a special stone.</line></script>
<script><line>The paired Light Stone and Dark Stone... they are what we seek.</line></script>
<script><line>The body of the legendary Pokémon was destroyed, and it sleeps in the form of a stone, awaiting the hero's return...</line></script>
<script><line>I will revive the legendary dragon Pokémon from its slumber.</line></script>
<script><line>And I will befriend it, and the world will recognize me as a hero...</line></script>
<script><line>...My dream is to make this a world without strife.</line></script>
<script><line>If the world is changed by force, there will be those who oppose it.</line></script>
<script><line>And when there is opposition, those wounded are the innocent Pokémon whom foolish Trainers abuse...</line></script>
<script><line>Yes... Pokémon are not playthings for people to control!</line></script>
<script><line>As such...</line></script>
<script><line>It pains me a little to separate Trainers from their Pokémon when there are ones like you who respect each other...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Heading toward Twist Mountain on Route 7 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>Mom: White!</line></script>
<script><line>It's mom. How are you?</line></script>
<script><line>Whoa, Route 7?! You've gone a long way!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, are your Pokémon feeling fine?</line></script>
<script><line>You couldn't have made it that far all by yourself!</line></script>
<script><line>It's thanks to your Pokémon always being there for you, so take good care of them!</line></script>
<script><line>And I'm super serious about that! Alright, be well on your way!</line></script>
<script><line>This was your superior-in-Pokémon-training mother speaking!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Before going up the stairs to Twist Mountain &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: White!</line></script>
<script><line>We've both got the Jet Badge, so I want to see which of us is stronger!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Your strength... versus my strength, hm...</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Is strength a matter of not being beaten? Or is it all about winning?</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Pokémon battles are fun, but what is strength?!</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: Ho! That was a fine Pokémon battle!</line></script>
<script><line>The two of you must've been raised Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder hops down from the cliff. Uh.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I was wondering who that was... The Champion Alder, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>I got whacked 'cause I'm weak!</line></script>
<script><line>...So it really worries me that you'd say it was a good match regardless...</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Oh, you.</line></script>
<script><line>Cut down on the harsh words, kiddo, I'd really appreciate it.</line></script>
<script><line>So anyway, I asked you earlier too, but what're you gonna do once you get stronger?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Once I get stronger...</line></script>
<script><line>Once I become the Champion, that'll be my reason for living. I want a proof of my existence.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Hm... You remind me of Marshal.</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, I suppose it's valuable to have something to aspire to.</line></script>
<script><line>But it's important to have something else to value, so you can use that power you've got! Don't you think?</line></script>
<script><line>Well anyway, take this!</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, you too.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained HM03 "Surf"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put HM03 into the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: If you use that move, Surf, you can cross over water!</line></script>
<script><line>Later, young Trainers!</line></script>
<script><line>And don't forget to consider what the Pokémon walking with you want!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: What do I want to do...?</line></script>
<script><line>If I don't know that, then as a Trainer, I have to prove myself to everyone by getting stronger!</line></script>
<script><line>...White. Next time, I'll win!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside Twist Mountain &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...White!</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: Wasn't expectin' ta meet ya while checkin' on Twist Mountain...</line></script>
<script><line>Mighty coincidence, that...</line></script>
<script><line>Anyway, you look like you've toughened up.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Really?</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: By the way, you two... You seen Team Plasma lately?</line></script>
<script><line>I've heard from other gym leaders they're meetin' up, but...</line></script>
<script><line>They buried deep or what? Who knows where they're hidin' out.</line></script>
<script><line>But this is the only attitude I can have 'bout it...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, this has got nothin' ta do with you, anyway.</line></script>
<script><line>Kids oughta just have fun journeyin' with their Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Twist Mountain's nice!</line></script>
<script><line>My favorite place of all's just down this passage...</line></script>
<script><line>Hrm... you'd probably get it better if ya saw it for yerself.</line></script>
<script><line>See ya, chickadees!</line></script>
<script><line>If ya want, come see me on my mountain for some Trainer trainin'!</line></script>
<script><line>(Clay leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I was sorta mentally preparing for him to dump some annoying task on us again...</line></script>
<script><line>White... Well, I'll go ahead, so.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the end of Twist Mountain &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Ugh, you're strong...</line></script>
<script><line>But that strength only comes as a result of you Trainers controlling Pokémon, doesn't it?!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...So you want to liberate Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>If that's what you desire, you can very well try.</line></script>
<script><line>But resorting to force and stealing everyone's Pokémon is just wrong, no matter what. That's not strength!</line></script>
<script><line>(Another grunt comes in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Oh, buddy! So here you were!</line></script>
<script><line>We found it! We need to head to the tower!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Hear that?! Team Plasma has obtained the power that will change this Pokémon-abusing world!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: That's right!</line></script>
<script><line>If a mistaken world needs to be righted, brute force is the natural answer!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, we'll be off to our king, Lord N!!</line></script>
<script><line>(The grunts leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I'm... not sure what they might have gotten their hands on, but...</line></script>
<script><line>They're real pests, even going so far as getting stronger just to annoy everyone...</line></script>
<script><line>White... I'm going to stay here a little longer.</line></script>
<script><line>I need to think for a while.</line></script>
<script><line>About what it means to be Champion...</line></script>
<script><line>What do I want to do once I become strong...?</line></script>
<script><line>And who was I doing it for in the first place...?</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Coming outside Twist Mountain &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(Mr.) Juniper: Oh, White! How's that Lilligant doing? &lt;again, whatever your first Pokémon is&gt;</line></script>
<script><line>Wow! Lilligant here seems really attached to you!</line></script>
<script><line>The Pokédex is important and all, but times of togetherness like these are so much moreso!</line></script>
<script><line>By the by, do you know about Dragonspiral Tower? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh! Admirable, well done!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, well. Even if you don't know about it...</line></script>
<script><line>Right! Then listen to a smidgen of what this old coot has to say.</line></script>
<script><line>Dragonspiral Tower is said to be the oldest structure in the Unova region.</line></script>
<script><line>Most importantly, it's also the place where the legendary Pokémon was born.</line></script>
<script><line>And lastly... where it now slumbers!</line></script>
<script><line>It's just past Icirrus City here...</line></script>
<script><line>I don't know any details beyond that, though.</line></script>
<script><line>At any rate, someone's gone inside the tower...</line></script>
<script><line>My daughter's investigating in there, too.</line></script>
<script><line>There are some things she knows nothing about... She finds them romantic, in a way.</line></script>
<script><line>That said, old coot here is going to go sightseeing at Dragonspiral Tower! See you!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Here, take this Fresh Water!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Fire melts ice, or you can smash it with fighting.</line></script>
<script><line>Or maybe you can crack it with rock and steel!</line></script>

<script><line>Brycen: Your heart seems suitably prepared to challenge a gym leader.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, come!</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Brycen challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>You are strong! No, rather, your Pokémon are strong!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>I shall try you at my limits! You shall be schooled!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>You and your Pokémon...! They are a stellar combination! What a beautiful friendship you've built!</line></script>

<script><line>Brycen: You possess a strong heart! Have this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Freeze Badge from Brycen!]</line></script>
<script><line>Seven badges...</line></script>
<script><line>I see. Now, Pokémon up to Level 80 will hear out your every order.</line></script>
<script><line>Take this TM, packed with my thoughts!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM79 "Frost Breath"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM79 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>That is Frost Breath, an attack that will always land a critical hit.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...White.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca and I were talking, and... have I... changed since we set out from Nuvema Town?</line></script>
<script><line>What do I want to do? What SHOULD I do? I've been thinking over those questions...</line></script>
<script><line>And when I look at myself, I can't think of any answers to them...</line></script>
<script><line>Have I really gotten strong...? Or is it just my Pokémon? I don't know anymore...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, that's our Cheren... even when he's got his two best buddies here for him!</line></script>
<script><line>White! I'm gonna be going over to the Pokémon Fanclub now.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm searching for what I want to do... and what I CAN do!</line></script>
<script><line>(Brycen comes out.)</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: Who's there?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Who's... that?</line></script>
<script><line>I'm Bianca, and this is Cheren...</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: I know you're here. How about you show yourselves?</line></script>
<script><line>(The Shadow Triad materializes.)</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>...Well done, Icirrus gym leader.</line></script>
<script><line>Few can perceive the Shadow Triad lurking in the shadows.</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: ...There is something we planned to tell White alone, but never mind that.</line></script>
<script><line>Lord Ghetsis has a message for you. Come to Dragonspiral Tower.</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: ...Lord N awaits you there. That is all.</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: Dragonspiral Tower?! What do you mean...?</line></script>
<script><line>Hey! Details...!</line></script>
<script><line>(The Triad disappears.)</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: !!</line></script>
<script><line>If you youths back there wish to challenge the gym, I ask that you wait a little while.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm heading toward Dragonspiral Tower now!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: I'm going too!</line></script>
<script><line>Dragonspiral Tower is north of here, right?</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren and Brycen leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Whoa whoa whoa! W-What... what do I do, huh?!</line></script>
<script><line>F-For now, I guess I'll have to go to Dragonspiral Tower... Umm, north from here, huh?</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of the entrance to Dragonspiral Tower &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Heyyy, White!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca catches up. Also, Mr. Juniper was already standing out here.)</line></script>
<script><line>(Mr.) Juniper: Oh, White!</line></script>
<script><line>And Bianca there, too!</line></script>
<script><line>See, I'm also a Juniper.</line></script>
<script><line>My daughter was the one who gave you your Pokédex.</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Hello there, Uncle Juniper!</line></script>
<script><line>It's all thanks to Professor Juniper that I could go on an adventure.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sooooo grateful to her for exposing me to so many possibilities! Well, indirectly, at least!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Is that right? That's great.</line></script>
<script><line>But we can leave talking at our leisure to later!</line></script>
<script><line>White! Bianca! I'll explain the situation.</line></script>
<script><line>A huge number of Team Plasma grunts tore through the walls of the tower and got inside!</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen... and that other youth, Cheren...</line></script>
<script><line>The two of them were chasing Team Plasma, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...Professor Juniper, what's the Dragonspiral Tower?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Bwahaha!</line></script>
<script><line>You're really wondering now, am I right? Then let me explain it simply.</line></script>
<script><line>Dragonspiral Tower is...</line></script>
<script><line>A towering structure from long, long ago. Before the creation of Unova, even.</line></script>
<script><line>On the very top floor, the legendary dragon Pokémon awaits the appearance of a human in the pursuit of the ideal... so they say.</line></script>
<script><line>So, are you two going to chase down Team Plasma like Cheren?</line></script>
<script><line>I can't exactly approve of you going up against Team Plasma...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: It'll be fine!</line></script>
<script><line>White and Cheren are super strong, and they've beaten Team Plasma a bunch of times now!</line></script>
<script><line>...Umm, I'm not that strong at all, though.</line></script>
<script><line>...I guess, if you want... I could... stay here and be your bodyguard... uh, Professor...?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Really? Thank you! That's really reassuring.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, White! I'm counting on you.</line></script>
<script><line>This is all the consolation I can really give you right now.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Old Gateau!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Old Gateau in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Regardless... What is Team Plasma aiming for...?</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: White... You can't push yourself too hard!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of some stairs in Dragonspiral Tower &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>[Something's...]</line></script>
<script><line>[Struggling on top of the tower...?]</line></script>

<script><line>(After actually going up those stairs...)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: White!</line></script>
<script><line>(Pan over to Cheren.)</line></script>
<script><line>Even collapsed structures can serve as paths.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm out! I've got to chase down Team Plasma!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Further into Dragonspiral Tower &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Brycen: White?!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll hold off these grunts!</line></script>
<script><line>You go on ahead!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: You seem so calm about all this...</line></script>
<script><line>But for Team Plasma to be here, of all places...</line></script>
<script><line>What a royal pain!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Higher up in Dragonspiral Tower &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>BZZZZZRRRRRGH!!</line></script>
<script><line>[Something's...]</line></script>
<script><line>[Violently struggling on top of the tower...?]</line></script>

<script><line>Giallo: There's less and less doubt that Lord N will be the hero!</line></script>
<script><line>What?! You came all the way up here?! How... bizarre!</line></script>
<script><line>Well! For the sake of Lord N! Trap them here!</line></script>
<script><line>(The grunts do so.)</line></script>
<script><line>Giallo: All but Team Plasma are enemies! We shall use all our power to remove them!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: There's no room for obstacles like you getting in the way of Unova's new dawn!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Unova's new dawn is growing distant...</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Grr... losing to a twerp like you...</line></script>
<script><line>But Team Plasma is more than just one!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Our wish is finally being granted!</line></script>
<script><line>No one can stop us now!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Stooop! Er, but like I said, you won't stop US!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Okay, you stopped me...</line></script>
<script><line>But the next guy won't let you make a move!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Let's go! PLASMAAAAA!!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even if I lost, I'll say it anyway! PLAS-MA! PLAS-MA!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Our king will make a new land!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Come on! Can you handle four of a kind?</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>What?! You're still fighting fit!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: What's with you...? Why have you persisted so FAR?</line></script>
<script><line>F-For now, go on ahead...!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the top of the tower, N and Zekrom &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: Well, White?</line></script>
<script><line>Zekrom has shown himself for the hero who will guide the world.</line></script>
<script><line>Together we will fight to bring reassurance to all Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>And now, I will head to the Pokémon League with Zekrom, where we shall surpass the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>Thereupon we shall put an end to the Pokémon battles that wound Pokémon so.</line></script>
<script><line>A world of only Pokémon... it shall finally be realized.</line></script>
<script><line>(Zekrom TAKES TO THE SKIES.)</line></script>
<script><line>If you wish to stop us, you too must become a hero!</line></script>
<script><line>So! Seek out Reshiram, the Pokémon paired with Zekrom, and finally all shall be equal! Then you can stop us!</line></script>
<script><line>So, what will you do?</line></script>
<script><line>My prediction...? In the future I foresee, you will indeed meet Reshiram.</line></script>
<script><line>I offer a challenge to you who walks with Pokémon and earns their trust...!</line></script>
<script><line>Can you put up an opposition to the formula that will change the world...?</line></script>
<script><line>If you wish to preserve the bonds between people and Pokémon, search out Reshiram!</line></script>
<script><line>...Reshiram surely awaits you in the form of the Light Stone.</line></script>
<script><line>(N walks away and Zekrom scoops him up. Cheren and Brycen come in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: White, was that flying thing...?</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: What on earth?!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Why...?</line></script>
<script><line>Was that N just now?</line></script>
<script><line>How was he with the legendary Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>He couldn't really be called a hero, could he?!</line></script>
<script><line>And did I hear him telling you to search out a legendary Pokémon?!</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: Calm down! Let's head back first.</line></script>
<script><line>The key for now is to clear up what's happened and decide what to do next.</line></script>
<script><line>(They return to outside the tower.)</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: I'm astonished...</line></script>
<script><line>The legendary dragon Pokémon has truly been revived in our age...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: And that man, N...</line></script>
<script><line>The boss of Team Plasma seems to be the one who revived the legendary Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Furthermore, he told White to search for another legendary Pokémon and flew away...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Huh? ...There are two legendary dragon Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>???: Ah, yes!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Isn't that Alder? Long time no see! Are you doing well?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Cut the introductions.</line></script>
<script><line>That intense lightning coming from the tower...</line></script>
<script><line>That Pokémon has the power to destroy the world...</line></script>
<script><line>If someone who can subdue it wants everyone to release their Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Will he do it through fear...? Or admiration...?</line></script>
<script><line>Either way, we can't let the world be changed, no matter what...</line></script>
<script><line>I can't imagine a world where we and Pokémon are separated...</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: I see...</line></script>
<script><line>And this Team Plasma boss who revived Zekrom, N, spoke of searching for another, Reshiram...?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...I believe the legends say Zekrom and its powerful electricity, together with another Pokémon, destroyed the former Unova in an instant...</line></script>
<script><line>So N knew of this, and claimed the other was awaiting you?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Huh... uh?</line></script>
<script><line>Wouldn't reviving a Pokémon that dreadful be kinda... dangerous...?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Little miss, you're too soft.</line></script>
<script><line>But I really don't even know if any other Pokémon can oppose it.</line></script>
<script><line>At any rate, the legends look to be true...</line></script>
<script><line>It would be best to do what N said...</line></script>
<script><line>It's not searching for the dragon - well, its stone - that's the problem.</line></script>
<script><line>Rather, it's the disaster that could occur if Team Plasma revived the both of them!</line></script>
<script><line>There's a place I know of from my journeys across Unova...</line></script>
<script><line>Let us head to the Relic Castle! White, all of you, come!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Really, now? Well, I'll leave that to you.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll investigate the tower in case I can turn up anything useful...</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: Then I will be with you.</line></script>
<script><line>(The two go inside.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I think I sorta understand now.</line></script>
<script><line>...Being able to do something for Pokémon in times like this... for anyone... that's strength. I'm sure of it.</line></script>
<script><line>And my strength has been given to me by my Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Alright, Champion, let's hurry!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder and Cheren leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: White, this has become a major incident...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm getting a little confused, honestly...</line></script>
<script><line>You're going to the Relic Castle, right, White?</line></script>
<script><line>It's deep in the Desert Resort connected to Route 4... The Relic Castle, I mean...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of the entrance to the Relic Castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Halt, White!</line></script>
<script><line>That's the entrance to the Relic Castle.</line></script>
<script><line>Even so, White... you're amazing.</line></script>
<script><line>You got here so far ahead of me...</line></script>
<script><line>The Pokémon in the Desert Resort took up a surprising amount of my time...</line></script>
<script><line>I've come this far thanks to my Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>...Alder's gone ahead. We need to hurry, too.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Lower in the Relic Castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Ryoku: Lord Ghetsis spoke of you.</line></script>
<script><line>Just how powerful are you? Allow me to test!</line></script>
<script><line>Show me if you can defeat we of Team Plasma!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the bottom of the castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...We finally caught up.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...You... Over here... Stand by me.</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: What an orderly little bunch...</line></script>
<script><line>The other dragon... You've gone through a fair amount of trouble looking to revive Reshiram.</line></script>
<script><line>But the Light Stone you're looking for isn't here.</line></script>
<script><line>Now...</line></script>
<script><line>I must congratulate you, White!</line></script>
<script><line>You have been chosen by our king.</line></script>
<script><line>If you wish for this world where people live with Pokémon to go on...</line></script>
<script><line>You must subdue the other dragon Pokémon spoken of in legend, and fight our king.</line></script>
<script><line>If you do not, Team Plasma will steal Pokémon from all people and let them loose!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Let them loose?</line></script>
<script><line>Is that what the Pokémon who co-exist with Trainers really want?</line></script>
<script><line>Is Team Plasma saying that stealing Pokémon from people is setting them free?</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Oh my, so this is the Champion Alder.</line></script>
<script><line>You lost a long-time Pokémon partner of yours to illness some years back.</line></script>
<script><line>Afterward, without having to fight a battle, you were ordered by the Elite Four to protect the Pokémon League.</line></script>
<script><line>You've made the Unova region unsteady...</line></script>
<script><line>Such a Champion as you wishes to protect this world where people and Pokémon live together?</line></script>
<script><line>We and our king will show the people of Unova that Team Plasma is stronger than the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>And just like the hero who created Unova, we will subdue the legendary Pokémon and make all follow our orders!</line></script>
<script><line>All Trainers will relinquish their Pokémon to us!</line></script>
<script><line>For that purpose, our king has already prepared a suitable castle for the legendary Zekrom.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...I can't lose to you!</line></script>
<script><line>For all Trainers who love their Pokémon...!</line></script>
<script><line>And for all Pokémon who believe in their Trainers...!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: ...Our king has no interest in you.</line></script>
<script><line>He thinks of you as nothing more than another foe.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Did you stay here to say that?</line></script>
<script><line>Then I've been made a fool of, too...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Oh, could you really be...?</line></script>
<script><line>Gentle, now, calm down...</line></script>
<script><line>We wouldn't want the Champion to get pointlessly hurt, now would we?</line></script>
<script><line>We will surely send all people into despair...</line></script>
<script><line>And how I will love to see that moment.</line></script>
<script><line>Well then, take care...</line></script>
<script><line>(Ghetsis leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Alder, what will you do now?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Hrm.</line></script>
<script><line>I've got no choice but to return to the Pokémon League and fight N.</line></script>
<script><line>Like Ghetsis said... or instructed...</line></script>
<script><line>We should find out what to do with the Light Stone, right?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Anyway, Alder, shouldn't we go outside?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Uh, I suppose. It's sorta hard to breathe down here!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...I'm not quite sure how to say it.</line></script>
<script><line>But I can't let this stand!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...I wonder what this N person really wants?</line></script>
<script><line>Does he want to prove himself right by having the two dragons fight?</line></script>
<script><line>[The Xtransceiver is ringing.]</line></script>
<script><line>[White connected to the Xtransceiver.]</line></script>

<script><line>(Ms.) Juniper: White!!</line></script>
<script><line>White!!</line></script>
<script><line>White!!</line></script>
<script><line>Hello?! White!!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, it connected!</line></script>
<script><line>Um... White!!</line></script>
<script><line>I need you at the Nacrene City museum right now!</line></script>
<script><line>RIGHT NOW! Okay? REALLY right now!</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: ...Man, I heard Juniper's daughter from over here. Guess something serious is going down.</line></script>
<script><line>Something awaits us at Nacrene City's museum... Well, let's go on!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder Flys away.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I'll look inside once more.</line></script>
<script><line>I don't want to believe what Ghetsis said...</line></script>
<script><line>But you head to the Nacrene City museum!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In front of the museum &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: ...I heard about things from Alder.</line></script>
<script><line>White, we've gotten involved in something very serious...</line></script>
<script><line>(Lenora comes out.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: This, right?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: That's, um...</line></script>
<script><line>That old stone you found in Desert Resort...</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Yeah... So, it's seriously a dragon Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper's Dad: Um...!</line></script>
<script><line>I did some investigation of Dragonspiral Tower.</line></script>
<script><line>There were materials that indicated it was from the same era as this Light Stone!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: ...And I've checked up on that.</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Nice work, guys!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Um, whatever the case...</line></script>
<script><line>It's a really good thing Team Plasma didn't notice this old stone before.</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Yeah...</line></script>
<script><line>Now that I think about it, since they were planning to revive a legendary dragon Pokémon, that must've been why they stole the Dragon Skull!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, White, this is for...</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Wait, White!</line></script>
<script><line>Taking that Light Stone means fighting N, should anything happen to me. Is that alright? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Then, the world N wants...</line></script>
<script><line>A world where Pokémon and Trainers are separated awaits us? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: But... But still! Please!</line></script>
<script><line>Come on! Just take the stone, for our sake! [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ] &lt;Further disagreement just repeats the last question.&gt;</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Sorry I had to get so forceful.</line></script>
<script><line>The world where everyone can live with Pokémon... protect it for us!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes &lt;but earlier&gt; ]</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...Your resolve is impressive.</line></script>
<script><line>Alright. Take heart, and accept it.</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: ...Right then.</line></script>
<script><line>This Light Stone's for you.</line></script>
<script><line>You gotta protect the true future, the one for both us and Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Keep this safe, White!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Light Stone!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Light Stone in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper's Dad: ...</line></script>
<script><line>So... how are we planning on waking the dragon Pokémon up from the stone? ("Oh?" "..." "Umm...")</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Aha! Aren't they there? You know, those two?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Ah, yes. There is them.</line></script>
<script><line>White! Head for Opelucid City.</line></script>
<script><line>The gym leader of that town may know something about the dragon Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be waiting there! Later!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder Flys off.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Aha!</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, perhaps Opelucid's Drayden may be familiar with it!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper's Dad: White!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't forget there are always Pokémon right beside you!</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: What kind of creature is the dragon Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>Is there a way to wake it up? We'll head back to the lab and look into it...</line></script>
<script><line>(The Junipers leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Don't you worry!</line></script>
<script><line>You need anything, just come runnin' to us!</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...Man, I can't tell what's going on other than major bad news, but...</line></script>
<script><line>...White, do you know how to get to Opelucid City?</line></script>
<script><line>Cross Tubeline Bridge from Icirrus City, and it's just past there.</line></script>
<script><line>And if you didn't get that explanation, you can always check the Town Map...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Entering Tubeline Bridge &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: White!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca walks up.)</line></script>
<script><line>I've been thinking about a whole buncha things lately...</line></script>
<script><line>What can I do now that I'm journeying? Just what do I wanna do with my life?</line></script>
<script><line>I aspired to be a fantastic model like Elesa...</line></script>
<script><line>And I thought I might want to be a Pokémon professor like Professor Juniper...</line></script>
<script><line>But to be that, I need to know all about Pokémon! That said, let's battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ohhh! You chose THAT move!</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>This always happens when I know my Pokémon are watching...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Regardless of my Pokémon, I've TOTALLY done my best!!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Yep! White, you sure are awesome!</line></script>
<script><line>I was really moved! So take this!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Full Restore!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Full Restore in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...I had my precious Pokémon stolen from me by Team Plasma back in Castelia City, you know? So I TOTALLY understand!!</line></script>
<script><line>If Team Plasma tries to forcibly free Pokémon, it'll just leave everyone in tears!</line></script>
<script><line>White! Go stop Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>So that people who love Pokémon won't have their Pokémon taken away from them!</line></script>
<script><line>That's the truth and the ideal I think you should seek, White...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Sorry... I know, this is kind of an emergency and all, so it's pretty dumb that I'm still saying stuff like this.</line></script>
<script><line>I was really hoping I could just tell you to relax, White, but...</line></script>
<script><line>...But I know you'll be alright, White. Yeah! Totally just dandy! I give you my guarantee!</line></script>
<script><line>So, yeah... I dunno how to say it, other than... Bye-bye!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the end of Tubeline Bridge &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(The Shadow Triad appears.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ..</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Come.</line></script>
<script><line>(They walk you up to Ghetsis.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>Go with Lord Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>(They teleport behind Ghetsis.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Splendid... It seems you obtained the Light Stone.</line></script>
<script><line>First I must congratulate you on your efforts.</line></script>
<script><line>I will tell you Lord N's intentions...</line></script>
<script><line>As you have both subdued legendary Pokémon, he wants to fight with conviction, to see if he is truly a hero...</line></script>
<script><line>I have trained him for the role of one who would become a hero since he was very young.</line></script>
<script><line>And as a result, he has earned the recognition of the legendary Pokémon... He is truly a pure one.</line></script>
<script><line>The liberation of Pokémon that I... that Team Plasma speaks of...</line></script>
<script><line>It means the separation of Pokémon from foolish people!</line></script>
<script><line>Yes! So that all Trainers would be powerless, unable to oppose me.</line></script>
<script><line>It would be perfect if we were the only ones who could use Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>So I made my preparations.</line></script>
<script><line>If I were to put my perfect plan into action...</line></script>
<script><line>I would have to relinquish one or two Pokémon from foolish Trainers who would not challenge Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>Then the count would grow to a hundred people, on to a thousand...</line></script>
<script><line>Even the Champion and the gym leaders would follow, and would not dare defy me.</line></script>
<script><line>Owning Pokémon would become a crime!</line></script>
<script><line>Even those like Bianca, who had her Pokémon stolen in Castelia City, would be willfully sending off their Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>That's the kind of world it would become.</line></script>
<script><line>Even though you hold that stone, I highly doubt the legendary Pokémon would recognize you as a hero.</line></script>
<script><line>Yet if you do not wish to part from your beloved Pokémon, you must try your hardest...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In Opelucid City &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: ...Oh, White? Over here.</line></script>
<script><line>(He walks you over to Ghetsis with a crowd of people.)</line></script>
<script><line>That lying Ghetsis...</line></script>
<script><line>He's desperately trying to fool everyone with his phony speeches.</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: It is so!</line></script>
<script><line>Through Lord N, we have joined forces with the legendary Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>A brand new land shall be created!</line></script>
<script><line>This shall be a reliving of the legendary hero's construction of our Unova! ("Hero?" "Dragon?!" "Legend!")</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon are creatures whose sheer potential is limited by humans.</line></script>
<script><line>We are beings who feel they must study a great many things.</line></script>
<script><line>If we wish to see their true magnificence, we should liberate them from our control! ("Liberate?" "The Pokémon?")</line></script>
<script><line>Create a new land, together with we of Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>For a new land where Pokémon, people, all shall be free...</line></script>
<script><line>Everyone, please let your Pokémon go!</line></script>
<script><line>And thus, I, Ghetsis, conclude my speech.</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you for your attention.</line></script>
<script><line>(Ghetsis and his grunts leave.)</line></script>
<script><line>Old Man: Hm, so we...</line></script>
<script><line>We've been torturing Pokémon...?</line></script>
<script><line>Woman: Ooogh...</line></script>
<script><line>Should I give up my Pokémon like Team Plasma says...?</line></script>
<script><line>Woman: ...But that's...!</line></script>
<script><line>I can't! I'd be so lonely without my Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Everyone leaves, except Drayden and Iris.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Man! Now THAT was a weirdo speech!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...Unova was made via people and Pokémon joining forces.</line></script>
<script><line>If Pokémon wanted nothing to do with people, they would willfully free themselves...</line></script>
<script><line>If they despised Poké Balls, their feelings on the matter would not and could not be held back.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Shall we go, White?</line></script>
<script><line>(They walk up to Iris and Drayden.)</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Long time no see, Iris, Drayden.</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Oh! Uncle Alder and the missy &lt;good sir&gt; from before!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...What is it?</line></script>
<script><line>What could the Champion who left the Pokémon League to wander the land want from me?</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Frankly...!</line></script>
<script><line>I want you to tell me about the legendary dragon Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Y'mean Zekrom? Or maybe Reshiram? Also that's kinda sudden, so what's up?</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: That shady Ghetsis man who was just making that speech mentioned them.</line></script>
<script><line>And that a character named N has revived Zekrom...</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Right!</line></script>
<script><line>That Trainer N told White here to search for another dragon Pokémon or something.</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...I don't follow.</line></script>
<script><line>Is this N planning to have the two dragon Pokémon fight to prove his own convictions?</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Huhhh?!</line></script>
<script><line>He's already made friends with the dragon Pokémon?!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Correct, Iris.</line></script>
<script><line>Fighting with Pokémon is done both for fellow Trainers...</line></script>
<script><line>And for Trainers and Pokémon to understand each other.</line></script>
<script><line>Well then... I'll head for the Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>No, in this case, it would be returning, wouldn't it...?</line></script>
<script><line>I'll beat N, of course!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll teach him how wonderful this world where we can live in harmony with Pokémon is!</line></script>
<script><line>And, White! As the Champion, I'll be waiting for you!</line></script>
<script><line>So once you have the Opelucid gym badge, come to the League.</line></script>
<script><line>Of course, the Opelucid gym leader is tough!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'm leaving it to you, Drayden, Iris!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder walks off. What, no Fly?)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: ...Aww, he left...</line></script>
<script><line>Are things gonna be okay? He looked a little frightened there.</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...Don't worry, Iris.</line></script>
<script><line>He's the strongest Trainer in Unova, remember.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, White? Come to my house.</line></script>
<script><line>Like Alder said, I can teach you about the legendary dragon Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Iris, you lead the way.</line></script>
<script><line>(Drayden leaves.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: The tale of Zekrom and Reshiram is a tale of two Pokémon! We'll tell it to you!</line></script>
<script><line>I can lead you anywhere around Opelucid! This way!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks you forward some.)</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: And that way!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: Just a lil' more!!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: It's here!</line></script>

<script><line>Drayden: ...Well, I'll start.</line></script>
<script><line>That's the Light Stone you have there.</line></script>
<script><line>Reshiram, who will awake from the Light Stone, and the already-awakened Zekrom were originally one Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: ...That one dragon Pokémon made a new land together with twin heroes.</line></script>
<script><line>And people and Pokémon lived their days happily!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: But one day...</line></script>
<script><line>The older of the two heroes sought the truth, and the younger sought the ideal.</line></script>
<script><line>A dividing struggle began to decide who was right...</line></script>
<script><line>The single dragon that had walked with the twins was also split into two to support both...</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: A dark dragon that searched through the new, hopeful world for its ideal...</line></script>
<script><line>Its name was Zekrom.</line></script>
<script><line>And another...</line></script>
<script><line>A light dragon that searched through the world of the past for the truth...</line></script>
<script><line>Its name was Reshiram.</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: The two being equal entities from the very start only made the quarrel more violent.</line></script>
<script><line>Whichever side won, they would end up absolutely exhausted...</line></script>
<script><line>The twin heroes, too, could not find either to be right in their struggle... So the struggle was ended...</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: And yet, yet, yet... the hero's sons began to struggle again...</line></script>
<script><line>So Zekrom and Reshiram used their lightning and flames to eradicate Unova in an instant...</line></script>
<script><line>But if people hadn't been mistaken about how to get along with Pokémon, the world wouldn't have been destroyed!</line></script>
<script><line>So Zekrom and Reshiram did their best for everyone and made a new land!</line></script>
<script><line>And so so so...!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...I'm certain Pokémon don't need possessions.</line></script>
<script><line>As people continue having their own thoughts on Pokémon, some of them may be hateful...</line></script>
<script><line>But even so!</line></script>
<script><line>It is necessary for Pokémon and people to believe in each other to continue living...</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: Yow, that's right!!</line></script>
<script><line>And so so sooo! We just CAN'T let Team Plasma separate us from our Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...I'm sorry, that last part was a bit off-topic.</line></script>
<script><line>But that's all we can tell you.</line></script>
<script><line>Unfortunately, we know nothing about how to awaken the legendary dragon Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: ...Well, I made a promise to Alder.</line></script>
<script><line>You'll have to come get the Opelucid gym badge.</line></script>
<script><line>Well then, White.</line></script>
<script><line>I await your challenge at the Pokémon gym!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: It's great when everyone can get along, Pokémon and humans!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Guido: Welcome! This is Unova's greatest trial for the greatest Trainers! I'm talking about Opelucid Gym!</line></script>
<script><line>First off, here, take this Fresh Water!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained Fresh Water!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Fresh Water in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>I'll quickly explain the tricks and traps of Opelucid Gym!</line></script>
<script><line>This gym has paths resembling a dragon's back, neck, and head.</line></script>
<script><line>But if you press the switches on the dragon's arms, your destination will change!</line></script>
<script><line>Be sure to watch how the dragon's neck moves!</line></script>

<script><line>Drayden: Good, so you've come.</line></script>
<script><line>I am Drayden, leader of the Opelucid Pokémon gym.</line></script>
<script><line>...As a mayor, I have put my efforts into the city's growth...</line></script>
<script><line>And as a Trainer, I have merely pursued strength...</line></script>
<script><line>What I seek now is a young Trainer that can show me their bright future.</line></script>
<script><line>Would I be right to hope that you can show me your future as Iris does?</line></script>

<script><line>Gym Leader Drayden challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>...So you'd do that? Yes, you seem a tough opponent...</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Well now! This is a do or die moment... May my ancestors' blood flow in me!!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>I'm worn out, but boiling over with emotions... What can I say...?</line></script>

<script><line>Drayden: Magnificent!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm grateful I could both meet and battle you!</line></script>
<script><line>[White received the Legend Badge from Drayden!]</line></script>
<script><line>Hm! You've obtained all the Unova gym badges?</line></script>
<script><line>Now, any Pokémon will follow your orders!</line></script>
<script><line>Take this as well.</line></script>
<script><line>It's a favorite TM of mine, named Dragon Tail.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM82 "Dragon Tail"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM82 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Dragon Tail is an attack that deals damage to a Pokémon and returns it to its Poké Ball.</line></script>
<script><line>Essentially, it forces the opponent to switch to another Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>...I have a request for you.</line></script>
<script><line>I want you to go after Alder, toward the Pokémon League.</line></script>
<script><line>The Pokémon League is beyond Route 10 from Opelucid City...</line></script>
<script><line>But you'll have to pass Victory Road to get there.</line></script>
<script><line>I know Alder's strength, but I am unsure about this man N...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside the gym &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: ...Hiiiii! Did Drayden toughen you up?</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, I come bearing a report on methods to revive the legendary Reshiram.</line></script>
<script><line>Telling it to you over the Xtransceiver seemed pretty inexcusable...</line></script>
<script><line>So, we came to a conclusion...</line></script>
<script><line>But we still don't really know anything, unfortunately.</line></script>
<script><line>We're sure that the Pokémon will awaken if it recognizes somebody's strength...</line></script>
<script><line>And aren't you more impressive than anybody?!</line></script>
<script><line>You've collected all eight Unova gym badges, haven't you? You're a real bruiser now!</line></script>
<script><line>You may not realize it yourself, but you've changed hugely since you set out from Nuvema!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, as for where a Pokémon Trainer who's done visiting all the gyms is to go next... Allow me to guide you!</line></script>
<script><line>(She walks you up to the Route 10 gate entrance.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: If you pass through this gate and go through Route 10, there'll be badge-checking gates.</line></script>
<script><line>Cross Victory Road beyond those, and you're finally at the Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>I remember back when I was leading you around Accumula's Pokémon Center...</line></script>
<script><line>Hey, White, do you regret having journeyed with your Pokémon at all? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Oh! Alright, that's fine! No need to go into the details, now.</line></script>
<script><line>But still, I'm very glad you three chose to go journeying with Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: Well, thank you! That's the best reply I could expect!</line></script>
<script><line>And I, too, am very glad I gifted you three those Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Because once again, it's given way to more fantastic meetings between people and Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>White, take this present of mine!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Master Ball!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Master Ball into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper: That Master Ball is the ultimate Poké Ball, always bound to catch any Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>This may be the only real assistance I can give you, but...</line></script>
<script><line>White, keep being White! And whatever happens, keep your bearings, and sally forth with your Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Seeeee yaaaaa!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Partway through Route 10 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Halt...</line></script>
<script><line>White!</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren and Bianca walk up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Drayden and Professor Juniper told us... you're heading to the Pokémon League? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: If it's Alder... if it's the Champion fighting, I believe it'll turn out right in the end, but...</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: You don't have to hide it.</line></script>
<script><line>If the worst should happen, you'll have to battle Team Plasma's boss, N...</line></script>
<script><line>So I want to test you! To see just how strong you are!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>I'll hit you with everything I've gained on this journey!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>...My Pokémon and I will show you the full extent of our power!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Thank you. You're truly amazing, you know that?</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...You're just too good.</line></script>
<script><line>That's honestly what I think.</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, I suppose I've got to make your Pokémon better now.</line></script>
<script><line>[Cheren recovered White's Pokémon!]</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Neither Bianca nor I are any match for you now.</line></script>
<script><line>If we can be any aid in the battle with N...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: White!</line></script>
<script><line>It's all I can do for you, but... have this, from me!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a Max Revive!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Max Revive in the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Despite everything, it's been delightful! Everybody and everything!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: "Delightful"? At a time like this? You're hopeless...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Go on, Cheren, laugh it up!</line></script>
<script><line>'Course, I know you won't, since you're always all serious and moody-looking!</line></script>
<script><line>Umm, well... we've met a lot of Pokémon now...</line></script>
<script><line>We've all walked the same routes, but encountered all different things... everybody's changed a ton.</line></script>
<script><line>What you wanna do isn't always the same as what you're able to, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>But still, our journey had meaning, and I'm just glad for that.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Really?</line></script>
<script><line>...I feel we've found that everyone has their differences and capabilities, and that's just fine.</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Because the ideals and the truths people find are as numerous as the people themselves.</line></script>
<script><line>But in times of trouble, it's only natural to us to help each other out.</line></script>
<script><line>Lately I've come to realize not only that people and Pokémon should always be together, but also the reason why...</line></script>
<script><line>White! If anything happens to you or Alder...</line></script>
<script><line>I'll do my best to help you... That's the end I've sought to achieve by becoming stronger.</line></script>
<script><line>So... don't push yourself!</line></script>
<script><line>(Cheren runs away.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: And he's off!</line></script>
<script><line>White!</line></script>
<script><line>I'll be sure to do what I can too.</line></script>
<script><line>So... err...</line></script>
<script><line>It's times like this I really wish I had something cool to say...</line></script>
<script><line>Um, well! Let's both do our best!! Yeah!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Victory Road gates &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! You shall not pass without the proper qualifications!</line></script>
<script><line>The key to opening this gate is the Trio Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Trio Badge! Take up the challenge at all times!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Basic Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Basic Badge! Show off all the wisdom you've gained!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Insect Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Insect Badge! Fight fancifully as a bug!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Bolt Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Bolt Badge! Make a paralyzing battle unfold!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Quake Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Quake Badge! Make the hearts of your opponents shake!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Jet Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Jet Badge! Head onward with force!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Freeze Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Freeze Badge! Show the sharpness of an icicle!</line></script>

<script><line>Wait up! The key to opening this gate is the Legend Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>(The gate opens.)</line></script>
<script><line>Owner of the Legend Badge!</line></script>
<script><line>Once you make it through Victory Road ahead, you're heading into the Pokémon League... prepare yourself for it!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Some ways into Victory Road &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Veteran: You can slide down the cliffs here!</line></script>
<script><line>See? Watch me!!</line></script>
<script><line>(He does.)</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, you try!</line></script>
<script><line>Ace: EEEEK! That's TERRIFYING! I can't do that!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the Pokémon League &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>The Pokémon League is a place for those who purely seek strength to prove their worth!</line></script>
<script><line>The way they do so is simple!</line></script>
<script><line>Simply defeat the Elite Four and the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>You can begin by challenging any one of the Elite Four.</line></script>
<script><line>Once all of the Elite Four have been beaten, you can challenge the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>However! Once you make your first challenge, you can't leave until you beat them all or lose! Understood? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Then make your arrangements!</line></script>
<script><line>Go into the entrance there to heal your Pokémon and prepare to the best of your ability!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Then, continue!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Shauntal &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>"A dark flame filled the man's eyes...</line></script>
<script><line>He would refuse all others to fulfill his sole justice."</line></script>
<script><line>...A passage from my book.</line></script>
<script><line>...I wrote it about one of my previous challengers, but it's rather... sorrowful story.</line></script>
<script><line>Excuse me... I meant on the challenger's part.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, let Shauntal, ghost-user of the Elite Four, be your opponent!</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Shauntal challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Just like a good book, the introduction to a battle is key!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>...And now begins my last chapter.</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>The epilogue of our story draws nearer...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Ah, I can't believe you've done this! Incredulity is me!</line></script>
<script><line>Even with all the words I know, I simply can't express myself.</line></script>
<script><line>To put it into words would shackle my pure feelings...</line></script>
<script><line>But allow me to say this... You are great!!</line></script>

<script><line>I-I-I'm so very sorry! I must first apologize to your Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>It is my fault that I put them through such pain - I am truly apologetic!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, please don't think ill of me! That's just how battles go. And that is the foundation to why I'm in the Elite Four!</line></script>

<script><line>Both people and their Pokémon have Pokémon stories to tell!</line></script>
<script><line>But stories of people alone... stories of Pokémon alone...</line></script>
<script><line>They are infinitely less appealing than the stories of people and Pokémon helping each other!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Grimsley &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Whew... What kind of day might today be?</line></script>
<script><line>Challengers always come one after the next...</line></script>
<script><line>And accomplish naught. I am Grimsley of the Elite Four.</line></script>
<script><line>And may you fulfill your purpose as my opponent!</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Grimsley challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Such a move, at such a time...? Oh, I'm simply charmed!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... However the battle goes, I shall not back down.</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even at this rate, I know... there is still a way to win!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Whenever anyone wins, another must lose.</line></script>
<script><line>That is the essence of a battle.</line></script>
<script><line>A good battler does not boast of his victory nor fall to distractions, but simply seeks the next victory.</line></script>

<script><line>I put in all my strength, and this is how chance rolled. A loss is a loss...</line></script>
<script><line>And so your victory glitters bright.</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, you are radiant now indeed.</line></script>

<script><line>Yes, I am an unsightly loser... and nothing more.</line></script>
<script><line>Now... that strength of yours...</line></script>
<script><line>You would do well to test it against the others of the Elite Four.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Caitlin &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Who...?</line></script>
<script><line>Who is this boorish Trainer who would wake me from my slumber?</line></script>
<script><line>It is you...</line></script>
<script><line>Hmph...</line></script>
<script><line>A combination of power and kindness makes one stubborn indeed...</line></script>
<script><line>But do not show me a bore of a match that only makes me yawn...</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Caitlin challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>This is looking to be a wonderful time... I'm getting a bit excited, actually.</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even now, I won't be confused, and I won't clamor...</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>I shall not give up, for my Pokémon fight with their belief placed in me.</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>You're a most elegant and excellent Trainer, you are.</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon carry such dignity that it was a joy to face them.</line></script>

<script><line>Be there any of the Elite Four you've yet to challenge?</line></script>
<script><line>Never you mind me. Continue on your way.</line></script>

<script><line>...Whenever I battle, my emotions are rattled.</line></script>
<script><line>She who ruined all that around her whenever she evoked her power is no more now...</line></script>
<script><line>And yet, still...</line></script>
<script><line>My ideal is to wake up to an elegantly-earned victory.</line></script>
<script><line>You... May you continue to be my companion in battle... or otherwise.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Marshal &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Challenger... My name is Marshal.</line></script>
<script><line>I studied under Alder to master the art of fighting, and continue to train...</line></script>
<script><line>And you, too, are a Trainer who has earned my master's recognition!</line></script>
<script><line>Your strength... What is its extent? You must show me!!</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Marshal challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Such strength! You're making my heart leap!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Last one! I'll put in all my remaining strength!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Might this be the end? I'll put my all into the next attack!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>There's no ultimate Pokémon. No best combination ever was...</line></script>
<script><line>That's why continuous victory is so difficult.</line></script>
<script><line>But a heart that seeks strength wants to know what it is to be the strongest... I feel that is precious.</line></script>
<script><line>And I respect you, for you possess it.</line></script>

<script><line>Now... You have become the strongest Trainer in the Pokémon League.</line></script>
<script><line>Ride on the statue in the central room and go to meet the Champion!</line></script>
<script><line>The Elite Four of Unova are wholly neutral under the Champion's orders! The rest is up to you!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Alder &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...It's over!</line></script>
<script><line>You won't wound and bind Pokémon any longer.</line></script>
<script><line>All thanks to my friend Zekrom!</line></script>
<script><line>I won't do away with the title of Champion, however...</line></script>
<script><line>Champion... you're too soft.</line></script>
<script><line>You lost a Pokémon to illness years ago, a partner.</line></script>
<script><line>You wandered Unova searching for something to fill that hole...</line></script>
<script><line>It's been quite some time since you last earnestly fought, hasn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>That part of you may despise it, but...</line></script>
<script><line>As one far, far stronger than the Champion, I shall give Unova an order.</line></script>
<script><line>An order to all Trainers, to release their Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Please!</line></script>
<script><line>Separating Pokémon and people... Anything but that!!</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...You and I fought, with all our strength, for our own beliefs.</line></script>
<script><line>And I won.</line></script>
<script><line>So I'd prefer you don't say another word.</line></script>
<script><line>...I've been waiting.</line></script>
<script><line>Just as I foresaw, you have also obtained one of the stones.</line></script>
<script><line>That Light Stone... It reacts to Zekrom.</line></script>
<script><line>...However!</line></script>
<script><line>This is not the appropriate place for the dragons of legend!</line></script>
<script><line>Rise from the earth, Team Plasma's castle! Encompass the Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>(Intense cutscene in which YES IT DOES.)</line></script>
<script><line>N: Team Plasma's castle has manifested itself!</line></script>
<script><line>The king's word...</line></script>
<script><line>It shall roar down on the commoners from such great height!</line></script>
<script><line>You must come to the castle as well.</line></script>
<script><line>There, all shall be decided.</line></script>
<script><line>Shall Pokémon be made perfect by their separation from mankind?!</line></script>
<script><line>Or will Pokémon and humans live together as if it were meant to be...?</line></script>
<script><line>You and I shall see... whose thoughts are more powerful!</line></script>
<script><line>(N goes up the convenient staircase into the castle and Cheren comes in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Alder, you look beat! ...It's not very Champion-like of you.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...You made it here too, kiddo?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I managed to win my way through the Pokémon League somehow. It was pretty tough. I guess.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...You didn't really, did you?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I've become stronger from learning exactly what I need to do.</line></script>
<script><line>White! You need to talk to N!</line></script>
<script><line>Tell him that people can become stronger by being with Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>And in helping me along, my Pokémon have become stronger, too.</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...I lost.</line></script>
<script><line>He speaks of a preposterous dream...</line></script>
<script><line>I should've shown him the bonds we have with Pokémon until it shut him up...</line></script>
<script><line>I sorta wonder if his beliefs might not even be genuine?</line></script>
<script><line>Put your soul into it! The guy's desperate about realizing his dreams of changing the world.</line></script>
<script><line>So I'm begging you, White!!</line></script>
<script><line>No good will come from the separation of Pokémon and people... Teach it to him good!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside the castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Sage: That which obeys the heavens lives. That which defies the heavens perishes.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: There is honor in the obsolete.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: Know one without knowing two.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: To err and not change one's ways: this is what it is to err.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: Wise men discern for goodwill. Ignorants discern for benefit.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: The heavens have not two suns. A nation has not two kings.</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: Now...</line></script>
<script><line>We have a serious affair with our king.</line></script>
<script><line>A collapsing of Lord Ghetsis's perfect plan, you could say.</line></script>
<script><line>Lord N is dejected, but we six shall defeat you here!</line></script>
<script><line>???: Can ya really do that?</line></script>
<script><line>(Clay comes in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: You still ain't worn out, White?</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: You... The gym leader of Driftveil...?!</line></script>
<script><line>Clay: Hmph! Ain't just me!</line></script>
<script><line>(All the other gym leaders come in... uh, except for the first trio, and including both Iris and Drayden.)</line></script>
<script><line>Lenora: Shucks for you...</line></script>
<script><line>Not only are we tough, we've got numbers too!</line></script>
<script><line>Sage: You... gym leaders!</line></script>
<script><line>Elesa: Team Plasma...</line></script>
<script><line>As a gym leader, it would be a terrible thing for me to leave you alone!</line></script>
<script><line>Burgh: Erm, also, Bianca asked us to come.</line></script>
<script><line>Brycen: ...</line></script>
<script><line>Skyla: It's all right!</line></script>
<script><line>Iris: It's all good!</line></script>
<script><line>Drayden: Possessor of the Light Stone, go on ahead!</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: I'm with my Pokémon! Always have been, always will be!</line></script>

<script><line>Burgh: Your Pokémon strive for you, don't they?</line></script>
<script><line>Why would anyone want to divide such a pair?</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: ...I care little for obstinate types.</line></script>

<script><line>Clay: Things won't go a lick like yer expectin'!</line></script>
<script><line>Not one BIT!!</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: Now! ACROBATICS!!</line></script>

<script><line>Brycen: ...!</line></script>

<script><line>Drayden: Even if can't comprehend what they're thinking...</line></script>
<script><line>I can't let them simply deny all else!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: I AIN'T losin'! Nope, nope, NOPE!!</line></script>

<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...Come.</line></script>
<script><line>(One of the Shadow Triad appears.)</line></script>
<script><line>Even in this castle, you can recover your Pokémon and use a PC...</line></script>
<script><line>Take relief.</line></script>
<script><line>...First, it would be best to rest your Pokémon in that room.</line></script>
<script><line>Then continue into the deepest part of this castle. That is Lord N's desire for you...</line></script>

<script><line>I am Anthea, goddess of love...</line></script>
<script><line>Rest now, Trainer arranged with N...</line></script>
<script><line>(Da-da-dadaDA.)</line></script>
<script><line>You are now healthy. You and your Pokémon both...</line></script>
<script><line>Trainers never fight to wound Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>N knows this deep in his heart, yet...</line></script>
<script><line>Admitting it would bring much sadness to this castle...</line></script>

<script><line>I am Concordia, goddess of peace...</line></script>
<script><line>You who will grant N peace...</line></script>
<script><line>...N has been apart from humans since a very young age, raised instead with Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon betrayed, oppressed, wounded by evil people...</line></script>
<script><line>Those are the only Pokémon Ghetsis would allow to approach N.</line></script>
<script><line>N saw those wounds and came to seek an ideal that considered only Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>N's excessively pure and innocent heart...</line></script>
<script><line>It too beautifully pristine to be truly frightening, and yet...</line></script>

<script><line>(Another Shadow Triad member.)</line></script>
<script><line>Is Lord N the hero of the ideal? In your fight with him, you will know.</line></script>
<script><line>Does he want to protect this world where you now walk with Pokémon...? That too you shall know.</line></script>

<script><line>(And the last.)</line></script>
<script><line>That room is the world Lord N was given...</line></script>
<script><line>Even if I entered, I would think nothing of it... but perhaps you would feel something.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Entering N's room &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Ghetsis: Welcome, possessor of the Light Stone.</line></script>
<script><line>This castle, once concealed under the Pokémon League, is a sign that Unova will change.</line></script>
<script><line>The lord of the castle has tamed the legendary Pokémon and surpassed the Champion... the ultimate Trainer!</line></script>
<script><line>And furthermore, his heart burns with ideas of what he wishes to do with the world!</line></script>
<script><line>If you wouldn't call him a hero, then just who would you?</line></script>
<script><line>Once the stage has been put in order, we will capture people's hearts!</line></script>
<script><line>A remarkably simple desire of mine... rather, of Team Plasma's!</line></script>
<script><line>With only us in control of Pokémon, we will rule the powerless.</line></script>
<script><line>It's been so long!</line></script>
<script><line>I've lived in hiding so my plan would not be exposed... But those days of suffering are over!!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, continue!</line></script>
<script><line>And will you too become a hero...? Well, it couldn't hurt to try!</line></script>

<script><line>N: What I want is a world of only Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>By separating Pokémon from people, they will regain their natural power.</line></script>
<script><line>...Now. This will be our final battle.</line></script>
<script><line>I am prepared! Even if my Pokémon friends are wounded, my beliefs will prevail!</line></script>
<script><line>...Since you have come this far, certainly you must feel something similar?</line></script>
<script><line>If you do, I ask you to come forth and show it to me! Prepare yourself!!</line></script>

<script><line>N: You came all this way with the intent to battle me...</line></script>
<script><line>...Yet Reshiram is not reacting.</line></script>
<script><line>Does it still not recognize you as a hero?</line></script>
<script><line>How disappointing...</line></script>
<script><line>...I'd taken quite a liking to you, though.</line></script>
<script><line>In all our battles, I felt you could be a Trainer who valued their Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>...But it seems that was nothing more than a baseless assumption!</line></script>
<script><line>Yes, as much as Trainers fight, they can never build an understanding!</line></script>
<script><line>You have two options!</line></script>
<script><line>Fight a hopeless battle...?</line></script>
<script><line>Or else leave here, and let Pokémon be separated from humans to form a new world?</line></script>
<script><line>N: Come, Zekrom!</line></script>
<script><line>(Zekrom bursts in through the wall in an intense cutscene.)</line></script>
<script><line>[Is the Light Stone... moving inside the bag?!]</line></script>
<script><line>N: Your Light Stone is...!</line></script>
<script><line>No... Reshiram is...!</line></script>
<script><line>(The Light Stone floats out in front of Zekrom.)</line></script>
<script><line>[The aura-wrapped Light Stone radiated an immense power!]</line></script>
<script><line>[And now...]</line></script>
<script><line>[It's releasing...!!]</line></script>
<script><line>(Reshiram is summoned from the stone in another intense cutscene.)</line></script>
<script><line>N: Zekrom and Reshiram...</line></script>
<script><line>Originally one life... one Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Distinctly opposite, yet exactly the same entity.</line></script>
<script><line>Zekrom and Reshiram both appeared before ones they recognize as heroes...</line></script>
<script><line>...I see. And yes, as is the same with you.</line></script>
<script><line>Do you hear the Pokémon speaking? Let me tell you what he says.</line></script>
<script><line>"I want to fight you... Make me your ally!"</line></script>
<script><line>He wants to test if you have come this far seeking truth...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know your power as well... Now! Catch Reshiram... befriend him!!</line></script>

<script><line>(You're forced to catch Reshiram. If you make him faint, he comes back and "look[s] at White as if saying "Catch me!""</line></script>
<script><line>If you run out of Poké Balls, you can warp out and buy some. If you run out of money... maybe N gives you one or something.</line></script>
<script><line>And he can be easily caught in orange health with a normal Poké Ball. So... yeah.</line></script>
<script><line>After catching him, if your party is full, it asks you to replace one of your Pokémon with him. ...And it just forces you to after two "no"s.)</line></script>

<script><line>N: ...I see.</line></script>
<script><line>It is said that power was lent to the hero who pursued truth. Reshiram has recognized your power and chosen to walk with you, then...</line></script>
<script><line>N: Now...</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon are wounded. Winning against such an opponent would be meaningless.</line></script>
<script><line>[N recovered White's Pokémon!]</line></script>
<script><line>N: I have seen the future!</line></script>
<script><line>I WILL win!!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Member N challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>...You think you can stop us with that?!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>My final friend... Lend me your courage!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Do you mean the world has not chosen me, but you?!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>With this... my ideal... Pokémon's dreams... they have crumbled...</line></script>

<script><line>N: ... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>...Zekrom and I have been beaten.</line></script>
<script><line>Your thoughts... your truth... Is that what has bested me...?</line></script>

<script><line>N: Reshiram and Zekrom...</line></script>
<script><line>Those two chose heroes upon varying qualities... Is that the case?</line></script>
<script><line>Two heroes in the same era, one seeking the ideal, one seeking the truth, coexisting... is that correct?</line></script>
<script><line>...I don't understand.</line></script>
<script><line>I would not deny differing ideas.</line></script>
<script><line>In fact, in accepting differing ideas, the world will experience a chemical reaction.</line></script>
<script><line>This... is the formula that can change the world...</line></script>

<script><line>(Ghetsis comes in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Even still, are you not of the Harmonia name, the same as I?</line></script>
<script><line>What a worthless son...</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: From the very beginning...</line></script>
<script><line>N's revival of the legendary ideal-seeking Pokémon in our time...</line></script>
<script><line>It was all for the glory of MY Team Plasma! To manipulate the fearful populace!</line></script>
<script><line>You did well to come that far.</line></script>
<script><line>But you wanted to fight a fellow, belief-driven Trainer who could also subdue a legendary Pokémon, to see if you were a true hero...</line></script>
<script><line>And in the end, you were beaten by a petty commoner for it, you utter fool!</line></script>
<script><line>It seems being raised with Pokémon only made you a wretched and imperfect human in the end...</line></script>
<script><line>White! I had not the slightest conception of the legendary Pokémon choosing a Trainer like you...</line></script>
<script><line>Yet nothing will impede me toward my goal! I will not falter!</line></script>
<script><line>So that I shall rule the world with an iron fist!</line></script>
<script><line>So that I can manipulate the hearts of those humans who know but nothing!</line></script>
<script><line>N has served as the king of Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>But you know the truth of why that is...</line></script>
<script><line>And for getting in my way, I will have to eliminate you!</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder and Cheren come in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Rule the world?</line></script>
<script><line>Wasn't Team Plasma's goal to liberate Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: That was but a lie told to help in the construction of Team Plasma.</line></script>
<script><line>What good would come of letting useful things like Pokémon free?</line></script>
<script><line>But by manipulating Pokémon, the potential of humans grows tremendously. You must acknowledge that!</line></script>
<script><line>And so! It would be most pleasing for I to be the only one using Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: ...You dirty, deceiving...!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Regardless.</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... that which is called a god, but is ultimately only a Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>And White, the one it has recognized! You have much to fear...</line></script>
<script><line>Now, have at you!</line></script>
<script><line>I wish to see that glorious flash of despair upon your face!</line></script>
<script><line>N: White!!</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: Try what you may! I shall not be stopped!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Member Ghetsis challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Ha! I have made ample preparation for THAT!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Grumble... What could this mean?!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>My scheme! My perfect scheme to dominate the world!!</line></script>

<script><line>Ghetsis: ...What is this?</line></script>
<script><line>I am the creator of Team Plasma, the pinnacle of mankind!</line></script>
<script><line>Should the world not change to place me in total control?!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: So, N...</line></script>
<script><line>What do you think about separating Pokémon and humans now?</line></script>
<script><line>Ghetsis: ...Wahaha!</line></script>
<script><line>I obtained the legendary Pokémon without even having to be the hero...</line></script>
<script><line>That's all I ever needed you for, N!!</line></script>
<script><line>Look at yourself! You're a heartless, inhuman monster!</line></script>
<script><line>Is it even worth talking with such an aberration as you?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Alder.</line></script>
<script><line>Listening to this guy's starting to just get annoying.</line></script>
<script><line>We all know he's the heartless one here!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: You said it, kiddo... He's just plain hopeless.</line></script>
<script><line>N... You must be thinking many things.</line></script>
<script><line>But you were never really controlled by Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>You weren't pursuing an ideal, just acting according to your own thoughts!</line></script>
<script><line>Isn't that why you were able to meet the legendary Pokémon?!</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...But me, a hero...?</line></script>
<script><line>I meet no such qualifications!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: Is that so?</line></script>
<script><line>Well, now that you have the legendary Pokémon, what will you do now...? That's what's important!</line></script>
<script><line>N: Try to understand...</line></script>
<script><line>We've been arguing over our own beliefs until now.</line></script>
<script><line>And yet...! Why?!</line></script>
<script><line>Alder: N...</line></script>
<script><line>Even if we can't understand each other, there's no reason to reject other ideas!</line></script>
<script><line>Humans don't quarrel for the sole purpose of determining who is right... Please, think about that.</line></script>
<script><line>(Alder and Cheren take Ghetsis away. Mother 3 Love Theme plays - I mean, uh...)</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...There's something I want to talk to you about.</line></script>
<script><line>When I first met you back in Accumula Town...</line></script>
<script><line>I heard the voices of your Pokémon, and they shocked me...</line></script>
<script><line>Why do these Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Why do they claim to be... fond of you...?</line></script>
<script><line>They said they wanted to be with you...</line></script>
<script><line>...I couldn't comprehend.</line></script>
<script><line>That there were Pokémon in this world who liked people...</line></script>
<script><line>I had no knowledge of such Pokémon until that moment...</line></script>
<script><line>And from then on, as my journey continued, my feelings swayed...</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon and people were all selflessly joining their hearts to help each other...</line></script>
<script><line>So I wanted to fight you, to ascertain my belief... I wanted to face you as a fellow hero. That I desired...</line></script>
<script><line>I considered only Pokémon... no, only those poor Pokémon I had known, even...</line></script>
<script><line>I should never have opposed you when you were surrounded by Pokémon who love you...</line></script>
<script><line>N: ...Well, the Champion has forgiven me, but...</line></script>
<script><line>My life is now in my own hands...</line></script>
<script><line>(N lets Zekrom out of his Poké Ball.)</line></script>
<script><line>White!!</line></script>

<script><line>[If you answered no to "Do you share my dream?" in Chargestone Cave]</line></script>
<script><line>You... must have dreams!</line></script>
<script><line>Believe in them, and walk whatever paths to fulfill them! And someday, surely, your dreams shall be realized!!</line></script>

<script><line>[If you answered yes]</line></script>
<script><line>You said you had a dream... That dream... must be realized!</line></script>
<script><line>Your wonderful dreams, your ideals... have the power to change the world!</line></script>
<script><line>White! You can do it!!</line></script>

<script><line>Well, then...</line></script>
<script><line>Farewell...!</line></script>

<script><line>(Credits roll with intense music, Zekrom flies through the sky, END.)</line></script>





<script><line>&lt;&lt; Downstairs in White's house &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Mom?: Welcome back, White!</line></script>
<script><line>All that amazing stuff made for a real rollercoaster ride, didn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>Mom?: Right, yes...</line></script>
<script><line>It's just astounding to me that you met TWO legendary Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Mom?: Oh, and this is...</line></script>
<script><line>Mom?: Oops! I'm still in my dashing disguise!</line></script>
<script><line>Apologies abound! Allow me to introduce myself!</line></script>
<script><line>(The other Mom transforms into Looker and his theme starts playing.)</line></script>
<script><line>I am a member of the world-patrolling international police!</line></script>
<script><line>I shall tell you my name... no, my CODEname!</line></script>
<script><line>Which is, of course, Looker! I AM ever one, which is why all call me such!</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: An organization in the Unova region known as Team Plasma is lurking behind the scenes...</line></script>
<script><line>I came speeding here on account of that account, however...</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks to the admittably admirable work of you and the gym leaders...</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma's castle has crumbled, and its members have flown the coop! Or so I've heard.</line></script>
<script><line>However, but! Yet, however!</line></script>
<script><line>The head members known as the Seven Sages still lurk somewhere in Unova.</line></script>
<script><line>Thereupon! I naturally have a request for such a dashingly talented Trainer as you!</line></script>
<script><line>I want you to make the rounds around Unova and find the Seven Sages!</line></script>
<script><line>This plan of action was also recommended by the Champion Alder... [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>A-HEM!</line></script>
<script><line>Allow me to ask that ONCE MORE!!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Oho! I'm most grateful!</line></script>
<script><line>Good thing, cause I've got a million friends who agree!</line></script>
<script><line>Now then, I'll give you this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Super Rod!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Super Rod in the Key Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: ...Ah, that's a Super Rod.</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Yes! It is a most super Rod!</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: ...You were just talking about the Seven Sages of Team Plasma, weren't you?</line></script>
<script><line>So... does that Rod have anything to do with searching for them?</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Ah, I see!</line></script>
<script><line>A very good question from White's esteemed mother.</line></script>
<script><line>Allow me to answer it!</line></script>
<script><line>The answer being: no, there's no connection at all.</line></script>
<script><line>("..." "...")</line></script>
<script><line>Mom: Huh...</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Well, I'll quickly explain the Super Rod.</line></script>
<script><line>Firstly, use the Super Rod while facing the water!</line></script>
<script><line>Nextly, concentrate intensely!</line></script>
<script><line>When you've caught a Pokémon, a great "!" will appear, and that will be your time to swiftly pull back the Rod!</line></script>
<script><line>So, White! I ask you kindly!</line></script>

<script><line>Mom: He's certainly... unique. For an international policeman, I mean.</line></script>
<script><line>Well, don't worry. As long as you want to do it, I think it's fine! Your mother agrees.</line></script>
<script><line>I can't believe you've matured so much already, can you?!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Outside White's house &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: Hey, White. You finished talking with Looker?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...Sorry, from both of us.</line></script>
<script><line>We called the gym leaders of Striaton City to come too, but they were all late...</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I have to apologize myself, though.</line></script>
<script><line>The Shadow Triad found an opportunity to help Ghetsis get away...</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: ...Ghetsis? Shadow Triad?</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I'll tell you what went on in the castle later, okay?</line></script>
<script><line>Anyway, forget that, Bianca. What are you two going to do now?</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: I'm, um, I'm... gonna go to Black City!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Ah. That's past Route 16 from Nimbasa City, right?</line></script>
<script><line>I see... You just might find some Pokémon you've never seen before over there!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper's dad walks in, probably coming from the lab.)</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper's Dad: Oh! Now this is nice timing! You're all together and everything!</line></script>
<script><line>I just got the data for the National Dex from an acquaintance!</line></script>
<script><line>Since I'm already here, let me upgrade your Pokédexes to the National Dex!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, you're just going to keep going places, aren't you?</line></script>
<script><line>So you're bound to find more and more Pokémon too! Obviously!</line></script>
<script><line>Let me have your Pokédexes for a second!</line></script>
<script><line>Right, Bianca!</line></script>
<script><line>And next, Cheren!</line></script>
<script><line>And lastly... you!</line></script>
<script><line>[White's Pokédex was upgraded to the National Dex!]</line></script>
<script><line>Juniper's Dad: And with that, all your Pokédexes are updated to the National Dex.</line></script>
<script><line>Completing the National Dex maaay be a bit extreme of a task, but...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, keep at it, and keep enjoying the thrill of finding Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>(Juniper's Dad goes back to the lab.)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Whoaaa, a National Dex...</line></script>
<script><line>There's still a LOT of Pokémon I don't know about yet, huh?</line></script>
<script><line>Oh yeah! I'll have to show my Pokédex to mom and dad!</line></script>
<script><line>That said, I still hope I meet you two again somewhere!!</line></script>
<script><line>(Bianca goes back home.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: Even after her long journey, Bianca's still going at her own pace like always...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm planning on looking through everything again starting from Route 1.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure there are new discoveries to be made everywhere.</line></script>
<script><line>And you never know, I could find some of the Seven Sages along the way.</line></script>
<script><line>That said, White, if we meet again somewhere, you know we'll be battling!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the end of Route 18 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Rood: It smells of salt here...</line></script>
<script><line>The same salty smell of my homeland...</line></script>
<script><line>...Lord Ghetsis wandered the world in a search to gather all kinds of wisdom.</line></script>
<script><line>From the moment we met, he understood my needs.</line></script>
<script><line>He knew his companions' hearts and desires.</line></script>
<script><line>It is a necessary quality to live alongside someone else...</line></script>
<script><line>Lord N was superb as well for his ability to understand the hearts of Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>However, he was not raised with and still seems to lack the ability to understand people as well...</line></script>
<script><line>But that too was a part of Lord Ghetsis's perfect plan...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm not sure now which qualities of Lord Ghetsis were true and which were lies...</line></script>
<script><line>...Lord Ghetsis gave this to me, but I don't need it anymore. You'll make better use of it.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM32 "Double Team"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM32 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Rood: ...If someday, Lord N comes to understand not merely the feelings of Pokémon, but of humans as well...</line></script>
<script><line>I hope that we can come together again...</line></script>
<script><line>And I strongly desire that we can someday meet eye to eye with Lord Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running up with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Rood: ...If that's what you seek.</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Besides Ghetsis, I guess this leaves five of the Seven Sages remaining...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know what they were thinking and hoping for... Well, see you again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; On Route 14, after some Surfing and Waterfalling &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Giallo: You're the powerful Pokémon Trainer who came to Dragonspiral Tower!</line></script>
<script><line>Did you become friends with Zekrom?</line></script>
<script><line>In this world, as long as you understand yourself...</line></script>
<script><line>You can make the heavens, the ends of the earth, the furthest things seem to be right beside you... That's what they say.</line></script>
<script><line>Like Lord N and his Pokémon, you and your Pokémon have a mutual understanding.</line></script>
<script><line>Thus, take this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM08 "Bulk Up"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM08 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Giallo: ...The legend of Unova is that of a new world's creation through the combined forces of man and Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>That simple fact carries a reassuring message.</line></script>
<script><line>If those that change the world are heroes, then anyone can be a hero.</line></script>
<script><line>Through everyone's respective changes, the whole world can gradually change.</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running up with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Giallo: Well, I don't mind.</line></script>
<script><line>Team Plasma changed me, but the world refused to change... I'm expectant of what you all will do with it.</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Besides Ghetsis, I guess this leaves four of the Seven Sages remaining...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know what they were thinking and hoping for... Well, see you again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In Chargestone Cave &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bronius: When I saw you back in Castelia City, I thought nothing of you, but...</line></script>
<script><line>You were tested here in Chargestone Cave by Lord Ghetsis...</line></script>
<script><line>...Well, you seem in search of something once more.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, show yourselves!</line></script>
<script><line>(Two Plasma grunts run up.)</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: Lord Bronius! I'll take this punk down!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>The strength that brought down Lord N... I feel it in my bones! Ow!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: This one's the real deal!</line></script>
<script><line>Grunt: So it's your fault we're now the "former" Team Plasma?</line></script>
<script><line>Who wants to be a "former" anything? How COULD you?</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>So this is the Trainer who protected our world of coexisting with Pokémon...</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: ...In that moment, the former members of Team Plasma became just plain Pokémon Trainers.</line></script>
<script><line>Bronius: Even Team Plasma's Pokémon were fighting for the Trainers.</line></script>
<script><line>We were overlooking something so common... I'm grateful you showed us that.</line></script>
<script><line>Take this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM69 "Rock Polish"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM69 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Bronius: ...I wonder if Lord N now understands why Pokémon, even when wounded, wield their power for the sake of Trainers...?</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running up with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Bronius: ...Forgive these two, for they have left Team Plasma to treat Pokémon well.</line></script>
<script><line>However! Those that will not face up to Pokémon justly, I will not have stand.</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Besides Ghetsis, I guess this leaves three of the Seven Sages remaining...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know what they were thinking and hoping for... Well, see you again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Re-entering the Relic Castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Juniper: Hiiii there! White!</line></script>
<script><line>I heard about these Pokémon statues and came to investigate!</line></script>
<script><line>By the way, these statues are actually Pokémon called Darmanitan.</line></script>
<script><line>They're currently asleep and all hardened up.</line></script>
<script><line>As for how long they've existed, well, a rough estimate...</line></script>
<script><line>Like, wow! Over 2500 years ago! That seems to be when they fell asleep, at least.</line></script>
<script><line>It's around the same era in which this ruin, the Relic Castle, was prosperous.</line></script>
<script><line>Could it possibly be they were guarding the town?</line></script>
<script><line>These Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>They're in a state of contemplative sleep, so if they wake up, they'll be active once more.</line></script>
<script><line>And to wake up the Darmanitan... you need this!</line></script>
<script><line>A Rage Candy Bar!!</line></script>
<script><line>That said, White, I'll give one to you!</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained a RageCandyBar!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the RageCandyBar into the Medicine pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'll be heading back to the Pokémon lab. Buh-byyye!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the Relic Castle &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: !!</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: Dangit!</line></script>

<script><line>Team Plasma Grunt challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>PLASMAAAAA! I fell in the Relic Castle...</line></script>

<script><line>Grunt: The Sage Ryoku is looking for a Pokémon here in the Relic Castle.</line></script>
<script><line>I was keeping watch to make sure nobody got in the way, but... I'm so weak, and stupid, stupid, STUPID!</line></script>
<script><line>And one more stupid, for good measure!</line></script>
<script><line>And just to be cute, I'm a silly stoopidhead!</line></script>

<script><line>Ryoku: ...Once I catch the Pokémon Ulgamoth in this castle, I'll present it to Lord Ghetsis.</line></script>
<script><line>Or so I planned, but isn't even the Shadow Triad saying that Lord Ghetsis has hidden away somewhere...?</line></script>
<script><line>The Seven Sages...</line></script>
<script><line>And when all seven are gathered, they are perfect...</line></script>
<script><line>I don't know what those words really mean anymore.</line></script>
<script><line>I can understand their use, but I can no longer see the dream...</line></script>
<script><line>I don't need this anymore.</line></script>
<script><line>Lord Ghetsis gave it to me, but I have no intentions for it.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM04 "Calm Mind"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM04 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Ryoku: Both this Relic Castle and our castle have crumbled...</line></script>
<script><line>The only difference is that the Relic Castle is the remains of a civilization...</line></script>
<script><line>Nothing of our castle was left behind...</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running up with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Ryoku: ...Understood.</line></script>
<script><line>But we know little about Lord Ghetsis and Lord N both.</line></script>
<script><line>We don't even have a certainty that they are truly parent and child...</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Besides Ghetsis, I guess this leaves two of the Seven Sages remaining...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know what they were thinking and hoping for... Well, see you again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; After going through the Dreamyard basement &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Gorm: Sha-WOW!</line></script>
<script><line>Did I scare you?!</line></script>
<script><line>Skilled Pokémon Trainer, destroyer of our castle!</line></script>
<script><line>I do believe you were scared!</line></script>
<script><line>Whenever Pokémon or people are scared, a little crack forms in their hearts.</line></script>
<script><line>When that happens, they can't even show their most basic power.</line></script>
<script><line>We revealed the castle, found the legendary Pokémon, brought fear to all people...</line></script>
<script><line>Deep, deep in the cracks of their hearts, people felt Team Plasma's excellence, and the wonder of that coming new world.</line></script>
<script><line>But seeing you and the gym leaders' strong wills, I wonder how much virtue there ever was to that plan...?</line></script>
<script><line>...Will that strength of heart be necessary to lead Pokémon to the next stage...?</line></script>
<script><line>Hrm... sorry for making you listen to my rambling. You should take this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM75 "Swords Dance"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM75 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Gorm: Lord N's dream... you were the one who could put a stop to it. Please, don't ever forget that.</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running out of the basement with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Gorm: ...The Dream Mist that comes from the Musharna here...</line></script>
<script><line>The dreams it shows are mere illusions. But that which comes true is a real dream...</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Besides Ghetsis, I guess this leaves one of the Seven Sages remaining...</line></script>
<script><line>I want to know what they were thinking and hoping for... Well, see you again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In the Driftveil freezer &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Zinzolin: ...You came back here? What a curious Trainer.</line></script>
<script><line>Depending on exactly how curious, perhaps I should talk to you a little?</line></script>
<script><line>...I breathe, and my heart beats.</line></script>
<script><line>...Is that really all there is to life?</line></script>
<script><line>I do not feel those actions alone to be living.</line></script>
<script><line>Feeling that you are alive through both joyous times and painful times is valuable.</line></script>
<script><line>Lord Ghetsis gave me that perspective on living...</line></script>
<script><line>What did I want? Such things did not matter.</line></script>
<script><line>I've been living here and shivering away...</line></script>
<script><line>...Pokémon and humans both living close and depending on each other... perhaps that's what I feel living is.</line></script>
<script><line>Then is releasing Pokémon not so necessary after all...?</line></script>
<script><line>In telling you these things, I've realized new questions I should consider...</line></script>
<script><line>As something of a thank you, take this.</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained TM01 "Claw Sharpen"!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put TM01 in the TMs pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Zinzolin: Lord N said... that he wanted Pokémon to be made perfect.</line></script>
<script><line>But even relating with humans as they now do, perhaps Pokémon strive to be perfect regardless...</line></script>
<script><line>(Looker comes running up with his theme.)</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Alright, then... I'm an international policeman, so tell me what you know about Team Plasma!</line></script>
<script><line>Zinzolin: It's too cold here... I think I've shivered enough.</line></script>
<script><line>If you give me some time to think, I'll try to tell you something helpful. Okay, let's go.</line></script>
<script><line>Looker: Thanks!</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, White... There's something I need to tell you.</line></script>
<script><line>I've heard intel that, somewhere really far away from here, there's been sighting of an N-ish person with a dragon Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm going to go and see if it's really true! Well, see you again someday!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; On Marvelous Bridge, east of Nimbasa &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>(The Shadow Triad materializes.)</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>... ...You?</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: Lord Ghetsis is gone.</line></script>
<script><line>...After escaping from the castle, he went somewhere on his own.</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: We vowed to protect Lord Ghetsis's life.</line></script>
<script><line>And now we have been ordered to never search for him...</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: Also, Lord Ghetsis said to give this to you...</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Adamant Orb!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Adamant Orb into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: Take this from me...</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Lustrous Orb!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Lustrous Orb into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: And this too...</line></script>
<script><line>[White obtained the Griseous Orb!]</line></script>
<script><line>[White put the Griseous Orb into the Items pocket.]</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: ...Where did Lord Ghetsis obtain these items? What was he planning? Why give them to you? We have been yet unable to ascertain these things.</line></script>
<script><line>...Is he testing you? ...Is he using you?</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: We, the Shadow Triad, have been, are, and will always be Lord Ghetsis's devoted.</line></script>
<script><line>And Lord Ghetsis's ambitions can never be stopped!</line></script>
<script><line>Triad Member: ...We will not meet you again.</line></script>
<script><line>So long!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In a lab on Route 15 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Oh, good day!</line></script>
<script><line>If you've come here, that makes you a visitor, doesn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, you're not? Well, you have come quite a ways...</line></script>
<script><line>Ooh, really? A Trainer, are you? On a daring adventure?</line></script>
<script><line>Hm, and this is your Trainer Card?</line></script>
<script><line>Wh-wa-wait a second, you! You have ALL the gym badges?!</line></script>
<script><line>That's nuts! Then maybe you could...</line></script>
<script><line>PROFESSOR PAAAAARK!</line></script>
<script><line>Hurry, hurry!</line></script>
<script><line>(She runs ahead and White follows. At a walking pace.)</line></script>
<script><line>Here we are!</line></script>
<script><line>Professor!</line></script>
<script><line>You got a minute? Good! Now listen!</line></script>
<script><line>This kid's a Trainer who got all the gym badges!</line></script>
<script><line>I'm positive they could use the thing!</line></script>
<script><line>Park: Haven't I said it a million times?</line></script>
<script><line>This invention is pretty great and all, if I do say so myself, but without a professional Trainer...</line></script>
<script><line>(He turns around and runs up to White.)</line></script>
<script><line>ALL THE GYM BADGES?!</line></script>
<script><line>FANTASTIQUE!</line></script>
<script><line>FANTASTICO!</line></script>
<script><line>WHOO-HOOOOOOOOOO!</line></script>
<script><line>(He spins around really fast and hops.)</line></script>
<script><line>What a beautiful day! Such greatness! I can't believe it!</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I am Professor Andrew Park!</line></script>
<script><line>You! Err...</line></script>
<script><line>Scientist: It's White!</line></script>
<script><line>Park: White!</line></script>
<script><line>Would you participate in an experiment that will change history?!</line></script>
<script><line>This device is called the PokéShifter!</line></script>
<script><line>By evoking energy particles, one can...</line></script>
<script><line>Through a "DS"...</line></script>
<script><line>The molecules...</line></script>
<script><line>Using a double-junction...</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon from far away...</line></script>
<script><line>Gigawatts of freak energy...</line></script>
<script><line>Match up...</line></script>
<script><line>In twelve parsecs...</line></script>
<script><line>Alpha drive...</line></script>
<script><line>With a Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Fantastically-executed...</line></script>
<script><line>Scientist: ...In short.</line></script>
<script><line>Using this device, you can send over Pokémon from other regions... possibly.</line></script>
<script><line>However, you can't send held items along with the Pokémon!</line></script>
<script><line>Sending them over empty-handed is the best way to ensure their safe transmission.</line></script>
<script><line>Park: ...That said, YOOOOOU!</line></script>
<script><line>You FANTASTIQUE Pokémon Trainer, you!</line></script>
<script><line>Won't you assist in the experiment of the century?!</line></script>
<script><line>The PokéShifter requires two DSes!</line></script>
<script><line>There'll have to be another DS ready to experiment. Is that alright? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>If you ever want to do it, come again!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; In Mistralton Cave &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>I see you're quite skillful for your age...</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps you could... hrm... It's a possibility, I suppose...</line></script>
<script><line>Well? Will you lend your ears to this old man's ancient story? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>If you can't obediently listen to the elderly, I have no hope for you...</line></script>
<script><line>This is not a place you belong! Take your leave!</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>It was long ago, when people and Pokémon lived in their own separate worlds...</line></script>
<script><line>Through a war humans started, a forest in which Pokémon lived was engulfed in flames.</line></script>
<script><line>The Pokémon could not escape through the fire and smoke...</line></script>
<script><line>There then appeared the legendary Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion!</line></script>
<script><line>Terrakion used its characteristic strength to destroy the boulders blocking escape.</line></script>
<script><line>Virizion made use of its swiftness to protect Pokémon from the sparks.</line></script>
<script><line>And Cobalion guided the frightened Pokémon out of the forest.</line></script>
<script><line>Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion fought away the warring parties with overwhelming strength.</line></script>
<script><line>The parties, frightful of the power the three showed, at last put an end to their war...</line></script>
<script><line>If people do not cease fighting, Pokémon can have no peace.</line></script>
<script><line>The trio knew that people's deeds could cause the loss of many lives...</line></script>
<script><line>To avoid contact with people, they went away to places unknown...</line></script>
<script><line>Since then, the three have almost never been seen, and they thus turned to legend...</line></script>
<script><line>I have been searching for them for countless years on end...</line></script>
<script><line>And at last, I have ascertained there to be one deep in this cave.</line></script>
<script><line>But the legendary trio has no trust in humans.</line></script>
<script><line>If a person draws near, they will bare their fangs and attack.</line></script>
<script><line>They only know the world as it was so long ago, so it cannot be helped...</line></script>
<script><line>They remain ignorant of the fact that our world has become one of people and Pokémon understanding and helping each other.</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps if you could make them realize that people and Pokémon can live together in trust...</line></script>
<script><line>Even they could choose to live with people if given a reason to reconsider them...</line></script>

<script><line>GWHOOOOOHHH!</line></script>
<script><line>(Catch Cobalion.)</line></script>

<script><line>Through you, Cobalion seems to have realized that the world has changed into one where people and Pokémon live helping each other...</line></script>
<script><line>Cobalion seems to desire to live together with you.</line></script>
<script><line>If Cobalion's heart was softened through fighting you, Terrakion and Virizion, whom he shares a strong bond with, should also know soon.</line></script>
<script><line>I think they, too, will want to evaluate your heart.</line></script>
<script><line>The obstacles keeping people away from Terrakion and Virizion should be gone now.</line></script>
<script><line>Finding them, however, is up to you...</line></script>
<script><line>But they are undoubtedly awaiting you...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Inside a house in Undella Town &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>???: Oh...?</line></script>
<script><line>How... familiar...</line></script>
<script><line>I never expected to meet a Pokémon Trainer with the same eyes as that one, and especially not in a place like this...</line></script>
<script><line>What's your name...?</line></script>
<script><line>... ... ... ... ... ...</line></script>
<script><line>White, then. I'll be sure to remember it!</line></script>
<script><line>I am Cynthia.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm just a curious Pokémon Trainer investigating the myths of Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>There are underwater ruins here in Undella Town, you know.</line></script>
<script><line>As such, I borrowed a villa from an acquaintance of mine.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, in order to make a deep acquaintance with a fellow Pokémon Trainer...</line></script>
<script><line>I would like us to have a bout with our Pokémon... Would you be my opponent? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Ohoho. A... most composed decision.</line></script>
<script><line>When you are prepared, I would be delighted if you return and say so!</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: Oh? So you've made your preparations.</line></script>
<script><line>I would like us to have a bout with our Pokémon... Would you be my opponent? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Before I send out my Pokémon, my chest always throbs...</line></script>
<script><line>It is filled with the joyous feelings of the Pokémon inside their Poké Balls.</line></script>
<script><line>So, what manner of Trainer are you?</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cynthia challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Just how long has it been since I've been cornered as such?!</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, it's not over yet! Such an enjoyable battle can't be ended so simply!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>My heart is racing after having experienced such a tempestuous match...!</line></script>
<script><line>You truly are an amazing Trainer!!</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: How admirable! That was a magnificent battle.</line></script>
<script><line>...Yes, familiar indeed.</line></script>
<script><line>Like that Trainer that faced down Giratina...</line></script>
<script><line>Hm. I won't bore you with my own story.</line></script>
<script><line>I also have much to investigate in Sinnoh come spring and summer...</line></script>
<script><line>I would be overjoyed if you would come see me again, most wonderful of Pokémon Trainers!</line></script>

<script><line>(In the spring, Shauntal and Caitlin can visit Cynthia's villa.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cynthia: ...Pokémon and people can have their lives brightened when they challenge a powerful opponent with utter devotion.</line></script>
<script><line>So, I, too would like to battle with you. Do you accept? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cynthia: ...I'm a bit let down.</line></script>
<script><line>After all, my battling with you was of the highest caliber!</line></script>
<script><line>Both our lives should be ever brightened as such...</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: How about it?</line></script>
<script><line>I would like you battle you with all my might, so that it may brighten up my life. Do you accept? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Cynthia: Via each of our beloved Pokémon, I shall know more about you!</line></script>
<script><line>(The battle goes the same as the first.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cynthia: When you oppose a Trainer, battle allows you to understand what manner of person they are.</line></script>
<script><line>What Pokémon do they use, and what moves do they know? What items do they possess? Words are meaningless then...</line></script>
<script><line>So! If you wish to know more about me, I implore you to come to the Sinnoh region!</line></script>

<script><line>Shauntal: ...My muffler can give people the impression of looking like a Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>Understand? Imagination is the key, isn't it?</line></script>

<script><line>Shauntal: The Rainbow Wing... The Silver Wing... They stir up my imagination!</line></script>

<script><line>Shauntal: When writing a story... there must be many inputs, or there can be no output.</line></script>
<script><line>Trainers work the same way.</line></script>
<script><line>They must battle much, study a variety of things, and test things out to become stronger.</line></script>

<script><line>Shauntal: ...No matter how much data I collect, I haven't a clue.</line></script>
<script><line>How old is Cynthia, I wonder? What do you think?</line></script>

<script><line>Shauntal: ...That Pokémon in the Distortion World is such a fantastic spectacle!</line></script>

<script><line>Caitlin: ...This is a villa of mine.</line></script>
<script><line>I have them all over the world, so I allow Cynthia to use this one.</line></script>
<script><line>You're free to play here if you wish, as well.</line></script>

<script><line>Caitlin: ...Are you familiar with the Battle Castles?</line></script>
<script><line>One exists in Johto and Sinnoh, so if you like, go and challenge them.</line></script>

<script><line>Caitlin: ...No matter what, I can't defeat Cynthia.</line></script>
<script><line>Perhaps in the past, I would have exploded with rage.</line></script>
<script><line>But now, I calmly review the battle, and consider how I can become stronger.</line></script>

<script><line>Caitlin: Things always turning out the way you like is a precedent to unhappiness.</line></script>
<script><line>There are things I can and cannot do. Recognizing that is key.</line></script>
<script><line>There was an annoying person who said that long ago...</line></script>

<script><line>Caitlin: ...If one's psychic ability were truly uncontrollable, one would be better off without it.</line></script>

<script><line>(In the summer, Lenora, Elesa, Skyla, and Iris can visit Cynthia's villa.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cynthia: I have a problem.</line></script>
<script><line>A white swimsuit or a black swimsuit... which one better suits me, I wonder?</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: What is necessary to become stronger from here on?</line></script>
<script><line>Might it be an ever-continued coexistence with Pokémon?</line></script>
<script><line>That is the way I have always been, so I can state it to be nothing else...</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: I'd like to live here, but if I did, my research workpile would stack as high as a mountain...</line></script>
<script><line>That's right! Cynthia! This time, you shall settle things for good!</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: Once every couple years, the Champions of the various regions should get together and decide who is the strongest of all!</line></script>
<script><line>Don't you think such a gathering would be amusing?</line></script>

<script><line>Cynthia: ...Hm.</line></script>
<script><line>It's difficult...</line></script>
<script><line>I have so many swimsuits I want to wear, it's impossible to choose one...</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: Cynthia's a famous archaeologist, so, y'know!</line></script>
<script><line>We fellow researchers like to talk amongst each other, all academic-like!</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: When I was little...</line></script>
<script><line>My pops dug for rocks in the mountains, and always used to bring back bones.</line></script>
<script><line>My childish fascination for the things is what made me become a researcher!</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: Aren't fossils just amazing?</line></script>
<script><line>Being dead, they shouldn't be able to say a thing, yet they tell us all about the age they lived in.</line></script>
<script><line>Hahaha... that's a line from Juniper's lil' girl, though, 'course!</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: That Bianca girl came to ask me about Pokémon the other day.</line></script>
<script><line>When you want to know more about stuff you like, you never wear out!</line></script>

<script><line>Lenora: You can use TMs indefinitely, y'know?</line></script>
<script><line>If you teach Retaliation to a bunch of Pokémon, someday you should find just the right Pokémon for it!</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: ...Nimbasa City actually runs on energy provided by electric-type Pokémon.</line></script>
<script><line>...Not really.</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: Without speaking... Without comprehensible language... Pokémon can convey my feelings to Trainers in place of me.</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: When you get right down to it, isn't a swimsuit just a piece of cloth?</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: ...Showing off a Pokémon's charm often takes away the charm. It's difficult.</line></script>

<script><line>Elesa: Constant worry is bad for both the body and mind.</line></script>
<script><line>At times like that, you have to short-circuit your thoughts to restore your proper mood.</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: Shooting through rainclouds in the midst of stormy weather is quite the spectacle...</line></script>
<script><line>I'd like to show it to you someday!</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: Whew... Swimming in the sea feels great!</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: ...I was thinking just now.</line></script>
<script><line>Are swimsuits meant to be revealing? Or else, to be concealing?</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: People can fly to even far-off Sinnoh with a cargo plane!</line></script>
<script><line>I personally love the feeling of having a Pokémon use Fly, though...</line></script>

<script><line>Skyla: I'm good friends with Elesa and all, but... Pokémon battles are kinda different!</line></script>
<script><line>It's absolutely crucial I make plans to counter electric-types!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: Hey, hey! Have you seen Cynthia's Garchomp?</line></script>
<script><line>It's SUPER CUUUUUTE!!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: We're on a BEACH!!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: The ocean is pretty, so I always like to dive real deep... but everybody always worries about me!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: Sometimes I remember the village I was born in... but I don't care a bit!</line></script>
<script><line>'Cause leaving has let me meet all these people and Pokémon and everybody!</line></script>

<script><line>Iris: I'm gonna go on a cruise with uncle Drayden soon!</line></script>
<script><line>Castelia City's packed with people, but I'll be with gramps, so Iris'll be a-okay!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Shauntal rematch &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>"What day is today? I don't know, but I won't forget it for a lifetime."</line></script>
<script><line>I was just reading from a story I wrote.</line></script>
<script><line>It's a tale I adore: a tale of a Trainer who came to challenge me, and the Pokémon they shared their heart with!</line></script>
<script><line>That said, please allow me to witness more about you!</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Shauntal challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>The opening is key. In battles, and in stories.</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>...And now begins my last chapter.</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>The epilogue of our story draws nearer...</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Ah, I can't believe you've done this again! Incredulity is me!</line></script>
<script><line>Even with all the words I know, I still simply can't express myself.</line></script>
<script><line>To put it into words would further shackle my pure feelings...</line></script>
<script><line>But allow me to say this... You are even more great!!</line></script>

<script><line>I-I-I'm so very sorry! I must first apologize to your Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>It is my fault that I put them through such pain - I am truly apologetic!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh, please don't think ill of me! That's just how battles go. And that is the foundation to why I'm in the Elite Four!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Grimsley rematch &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Life is a battle that must be fought with the cards we are given.</line></script>
<script><line>Rather than raising complaint at being given useless cards, it's key to discover how to use them.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, let us begin...</line></script>
<script><line>The winner will take everything, and the loser will be left with nothing.</line></script>
<script><line>Such battles are a proof of existence...</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Grimsley challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>That move, and now...? You're as charming as ever!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Now then... However the battle goes, I shall not back down.</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Even at this rate, I know... there is still a way to win!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Whenever anyone wins, another must lose.</line></script>
<script><line>That is the essence of a battle.</line></script>
<script><line>A good battler does not boast of his victory nor fall to distractions, but simply seeks the next victory.</line></script>

<script><line>Well, in our world, a bad way of winning... is a good way of losing.</line></script>
<script><line>Such a simple dichotomy, yet amusingly melancholy.</line></script>
<script><line>A flipped coin has no reason to land on either head or tails.</line></script>
<script><line>Sometimes, it may just not fall at all.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Caitlin rematch &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Who...?</line></script>
<script><line>Who is this boorish Trainer who would wake me from my slumber?</line></script>
<script><line>...Hm. It's you again...</line></script>
<script><line>As ever, a combination of power and kindness seems to have made you even stronger...</line></script>
<script><line>But do not show me a bore of a match that only makes me yawn...</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Caitlin challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Here begins another wonderful diversion. This is my favorite part of all...</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>At any time, I won't be confused, and I won't clamor...</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>For my Pokémon who fight with their belief placed in me, I shall not give up!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>So far... No, so far and beyond, you'll prove to be a most elegant and excellent Trainer, you will.</line></script>
<script><line>Your Pokémon carry such dignity that it was a joy to face them.</line></script>

<script><line>I have a fondness for telling my family information about Trainers, but even so, I can't win...</line></script>
<script><line>I came here to catch a glimpse of Trainers like you...</line></script>

<script><line>...An inexperienced soul runs wild with its power.</line></script>
<script><line>There were some days on which I was prohibited from battling...</line></script>
<script><line>That same soul that yearned for battle dances at times like now...</line></script>
<script><line>Ohoho... You've got me smiling. This is a tad embarrassing.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Marshal rematch &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>...I'm grateful from deep down that we could trade blows like this once again.</line></script>
<script><line>I am Marshal, seeker of fighting strength.</line></script>
<script><line>You shall be the weak one to be wrecked.</line></script>
<script><line>I shall fight with my strongest convictions.</line></script>
<script><line>And my desire is for an overwhelming victory!</line></script>
<script><line>Hardened challenger! Come at me!</line></script>

<script><line>Elite Four Marshal challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Strong as ever! You're making my heart leap!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>Last one! I'll shout out all my remaining strength!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>...Might this be the end? I'll put my all into the next attack!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>There's no ultimate Pokémon. No best combination ever was...</line></script>
<script><line>That's why continuous victory is so difficult.</line></script>
<script><line>But a heart that seeks strength wants to know what it is to be the strongest... I feel that is precious.</line></script>
<script><line>And I respect you, for you possess it.</line></script>

<script><line>Your strength is etched into my heart...</line></script>
<script><line>Head into the next room, and there, fight to become the strongest Trainer in the Unova region...!!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Alder &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: ...I have to thank you for dealing with N.</line></script>
<script><line>...I don't know what he's off thinking about now, but...</line></script>
<script><line>I'm sure he's realized that all people and Pokémon have different paths of their own.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, as the strongest Trainer in the Unova region, shall I witness your spirit?!</line></script>

<script><line>Champion Alder challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>If you choose moves after thinking things over thoroughly, that'll do you good!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>WHOOOA!!! Still fighting strong... What a splendid one you are!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>You think you're having it your way, eh?! Nonsense! I'll knock you back over!!</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>At the end of the battle, a refreshing breeze blows in my heart...</line></script>
<script><line>Head on beyond our battle... onward, to the next step!!</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: Bravo! You're truly unrivaled now!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, come this way!</line></script>

<script><line>Alder: ...This is the Hall of Fame.</line></script>
<script><line>A place where Trainers and Pokémon with true strength of heart and kindness are written into history.</line></script>
<script><line>Now, White.</line></script>
<script><line>Your names will be etched into this Hall of Fame!</line></script>
<script><line>And along with your names, the memories of your journey, and the history of your battles!</line></script>
<script><line>Everything that supports you in becoming even stronger than you are now!</line></script>
<script><line>Now, you...</line></script>
<script><line>And the Pokémon partners you battled alongside... will be recorded in this machine!</line></script>

<script><line>(CONGRATULATIONS, AWESOME CREDITS MUSIC AGAIN, THE END)</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; Oh right, but on Route 5 &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Strength was the sole value of my existence.</line></script>
<script><line>When I met Alder here, of that I was convinced.</line></script>
<script><line>...But winning in Pokémon battles isn't everything.</line></script>
<script><line>Ever since I've been shown that, I've seen so much more.</line></script>
<script><line>In a way, everyone is strong...</line></script>
<script><line>People and Pokémon possess their own unique strengths.</line></script>
<script><line>Strength to make dreams come true, strength to protect things...</line></script>
<script><line>I've come to think that because of you, White. Thanks to you and Bianca... and Alder, and all the rest.</line></script>
<script><line>...It would have been nice if N could have seen the same thing.</line></script>
<script><line>I'm going to take a look at myself on Victory Road.</line></script>
<script><line>What can I accomplish, and what should I become...?</line></script>
<script><line>If you want, you can come too. I'd like to have Pokémon battles with you.</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; At the top of Victory Road &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...White.</line></script>
<script><line>It's difficult... confronting myself.</line></script>
<script><line>I keep noticing parts of myself I dislike, or even hate.</line></script>
<script><line>???: That's right.</line></script>
<script><line>And no one can ever run from their true self.</line></script>
<script><line>(Marshal comes in.)</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Marshal?</line></script>
<script><line>Marshal: My master told me about this, so I came to see.</line></script>
<script><line>Do you understand? Even if you lose in battle...</line></script>
<script><line>As long as you surpass your past self, you've still achieved a victory over yourself.</line></script>
<script><line>So for that purpose, through battle, we see opponents! We see Pokémon! And we see ourselves!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...I suppose that's a line you're passing down from Alder?</line></script>
<script><line>Marshal: ...Well, yeah.</line></script>
<script><line>What I want is to fight a Trainer who sees themselves that way...</line></script>
<script><line>In associating with such a Trainer, I know I and my Pokémon would get even stronger...</line></script>
<script><line>Well, I'll be awaiting your challenges at the Pokémon League!</line></script>
<script><line>Cheren: ...Well then.</line></script>
<script><line>Okay, White! Show me a Pokémon battle!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Cheren challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>Confronting myself reveals all my strengths and weaknesses!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out his last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>It's not the end yet. I still have a Pokémon with me!</line></script>
<script><line>(When his last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>I believe in the strength of my Pokémon, so I won't ever be led astray.</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Thank you...!! I now see what I lack!</line></script>

<script><line>Cheren: ...Fighting with so many Trainers and Pokémon...</line></script>
<script><line>Once you establish what you are, a straightforward road materializes.</line></script>
<script><line>And that road exists so that I can be myself.</line></script>
<script><line>You and I both have Pokémon who are there for us.</line></script>
<script><line>And our precious Pokémon walk these roads alongside us...</line></script>



<script><line>&lt;&lt; AND THE TRUE CHAMPION... &gt;&gt;</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: I'm working as Professor Juniper's assistant!</line></script>
<script><line>It just occurred to me when I was looking through my Pokédex...</line></script>
<script><line>All the Pokémon I met on my journey... I want to know more and more about the little guys!</line></script>
<script><line>Oh yeah!</line></script>
<script><line>Do you know, White? About Pokémon swarms? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Well, that's our White!</line></script>
<script><line>A swarm is when tons of Pokémon roam in the grass.</line></script>
<script><line>Look at the electronic tickers inside the route gates, and you can tell where in Unova there are swarms taking place!</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Ohoho... Well, I'll tell you, then!</line></script>
<script><line>First of all, a swarm is when tons of Pokémon roam in the grass.</line></script>
<script><line>As for how you can tell there's a swarm going on, look at the electronic tickers inside the route gates! Kinda rules, doesn't it?</line></script>
<script><line>Pokémon research takes a lot of studying, but I went out journeying and found this was what I wanted to do, so I don't care! It's fun!</line></script>
<script><line>But hey, White, you should have Pokémon battles with me from time to time, too!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, that way I can know even more about Pokémon!</line></script>

<script><line>(And on a Saturday evening after her making this request...)</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Oh, White!</line></script>
<script><line>You wanna have a Pokémon battle with me today? [ Yes / No ]</line></script>
<script><line>[ No ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: HUHHHHH?!</line></script>
<script><line>Hold on a... oooh, man, talk about a letdown...</line></script>
<script><line>[ Yes ]</line></script>
<script><line>Bianca: Alright! White!</line></script>
<script><line>We're battling indoors, so don't you get too excited!</line></script>

<script><line>Pokémon Trainer Bianca challenged you to a battle!</line></script>
<script><line>(After one hit:)</line></script>
<script><line>So I see... You chose THAT move?!</line></script>
<script><line>(After sending out her last Pokémon:)</line></script>
<script><line>I-I'm still doing alright! I'm just FINE, darnit!</line></script>
<script><line>(When her last Pokémon is below half health:)</line></script>
<script><line>Awww... Just what am I supposed to do at a time like this...?</line></script>
<script><line>(End of battle:)</line></script>
<script><line>Thanks for being my opponent! Yeah! It worked out as a study session!</line></script>

<script><line>Bianca: Whewww!</line></script>
<script><line>Man, White, you are just SUCH a super strong Trainer, you know?!</line></script>
<script><line>I love the Pokémon battles you fight, White!</line></script>
<script><line>I mean, even your Pokémon look really happy!</line></script>



<script><line>&lt; Conversion to White &gt;</line></script>
<script><line>- Replace the legendary N summons with Reshiram and the one you have to summon with Zekrom.</line></script>
<script><line>- Of course, the Dark Stone and the Light Stone are also switched. The "plain old stone" is described the same way regardless.</line></script>
<script><line>- Any line that mentions both legendaries at once always puts the one you have to summon first. No, really.</line></script>
<script><line>- Replace almost every lone instance of "(the) ideal(s)" with "(the) truth" and vice versa.</line></script>
<script><line>- Drayden tells Iris to go to the gym after they tell you the legend, and you fight her instead. She's, well, usual Iris.</line></script>
<script><line>- Bianca says she's going to White Forest instead of Black City. (In reality, though, she just hangs around the lab.)</line></script>





<script>&lt;&lt; SOME OF MY OWN SHOTS AT ENGLISH PERSON/PLACE NAMES WHICH YOU CAN IGNORE &gt;&gt;</script>

<script>(Names in parentheses I'd probably just leave be, were it up to me. But I came up with puns for them anyway.)</script>

<script>- Characters -</script>
<script><charcters>Makomo [Fennel]: Lucia</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Shorea [Amanita]: Nettie)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Dent [Cilan]: Glenn</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Corn [Cress]: Blake</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Pod [Chili]: Charles</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Aloe [Lenora]: Norma/Elaine)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Kidachi [Hawes]: Faustin/Artie</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Arty [Burgh]: Drew)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Camille [Elesa]: Electra/Stacey)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Yacon [Clay]: Cliff</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Flo [Skyla]: Wendy/Skye)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Hachiku [Brycen]: Lloyd/Cory</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Shaga [Drayden]: Vernon</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>(Iris [Iris]: Basil)</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Shikimi ]Shauntal]: Paige</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Gima [Grimsley]: Ignatius</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Renbu [Marshal]: Roy</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Adeku [Alder]: Victor</charcters></script>

<script><charcters>- Nimbasa Ferris Wheel Female Opponents -</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Haruo (Spring Breakdancer) [Dirk]: Budd</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Natsuki (Summer Ace Trainer) [Austin]: Somer</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Akira (Autumn Waitress) [Aurora]: Autumn</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Fuyuta (Winter Rich Boy Hikki) [Martin]: Holden</charcters></script>

<script><charcters>- Nimbasa Ferris Wheel Male Opponents -</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Miharu (Spring Lass) [Maya]: Blossom</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Natsumi (Summer Sweaty Hiker) [Andy]: Sammy</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Chiaki (Autumn Secretary) [Trisha]: Amber</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Fuyuka (Winter Kindergartener) [Winter]: Carol</charcters></script>

<script><charcters>- Battle Subway Masters -</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Nobori [Emmet]: Upton</charcters></script>
<script><charcters>Kudari [Ingo]: Donwain</charcters></script>

<script>- Towns -</script>
<script><place>Kanoko Town [Nuvema Town]: Dapple Town</place></script>
<script><place>Karakusa Town [Accumula Town]: Parapat Town</place></script>
<script><place>Sanyou City [Striaton City]: Trishine City</place></script>
<script><place>Shippo City [Nacrene City]: Sevelli City</place></script>
<script><place>Yaguruma Forest [Pinwheel Forest]: Cyanite Forest</place></script>
<script><place>Hiun City [Castelia City]: Cycloud City</place></script>
<script><place>Raimon City [Nimbasa City]: Sparklark City</place></script>
<script><place>Hodomoe City [Driftveil City]: Swirlport City</place></script>
<script><place>Fukiyose City ]Mistralton City]: Windriff City</place></script>
<script><place>Sekka City [Icirrus City]: Codalia City</place></script>
<script><place>Souryuu City [Opelucid City]: Twindrake City</place></script>
<script><place>Sazanami Town [Undella Town]: Ocrest Town</place></script>
<script><place>Kagome Town [Lacunosa Town]: Lockwork Town</place></script>
<script><place>Kanawa Town [Anville Town]: Farband Town</place></script>
    </body>
</html>